AVE
Customer Name: Distributed Computing, Inc.
Ar . Quote #: 0-00621183
was Centu ryLi n k Quote Generation Date: 1177/2018 12:04:19 PM
f Cutoff Date: 12/22/2018
Currency: USD
Customer Information Account Information Prepared By
Name: Distributed Computing, Inc. BPID: 3542391
Primary Contact: Zane Gee Billing Account:
Primary Contact Phone: (410) 464-8928 Billing Address: 1700 UNION AVE Name: Jo Branch
Primary Contact Email: zgee@distcomp.com SUITE B Phone: (801) 838-9451
Billing Contact: Kelly Hiser BALTIMORE, MD Email: jbranchsfa@carriersvcs.com
Billing Contact Phone: (410) 464-8900 21211 Sales Rep: MORFORD, RUTH
Billing Contact Email: carrierbills@distcomp.com Contract ID#: NEW
Pricing Table
Waived NRC
Add Term
1554 SURGEONS DR Pro 36
ee ced STAREADASBER ELSZA06. | 109M —- ~—
ries seas nt
Essentials - $0.00 $0.00
Standard neni
$139.00 $0.00
Service Sub Total:
Except as otherwise provided in Section 2 of the Customer Acceptance Provisions, CenturyLink provides Fiber+ Internet services under
these additional service-specific terms and conditions which are incorporated into the Agreement by this reference: (a) Fiber+ Internet
Bundle provisions ("Package Provisions") found at http://www.centurylink.com/legal/ctae/MT U/fiberplusinternet/v17.pdf and (b) the
Domestic CenturyLink 1Q Networking, Local Access, and Rental CPE service-specific sections in "Section II, Additional Service-Specific
Terms and Conditions" of the Detailed Terms and Conditions ("DT&C") at: http:/Awww.centurylink.com/legal/DTC/v85. pdf.
Internet
"Terms and Conditions for Fiber+ Internet Bundle Offer"
"Other Provisions for Fiber+ Internet Bundle Offer
The Fiber+ Internet Bundle type appears in the first Fiber+ Internet row under the Service Attributes column of the above table. The
CenturyLink IQ Networking port is an Internet Port. The port bandwidth details appear in the first Fiber+ Internet row under the
Service Attributes column of the above table. The Local Access bandwidth details appear in the first Fiber+ Internet row under the
Service Attributes column of the above table. The package/bundle pricing includes the Local Access MRC and the Rental CPE MRC.
CenturyLink will provide the rental equipment while Customer purchases the Services from CenturyLink. CenturyLink may provide
equipment from various manufacturers at its discretion. The Rental CPE maintenance is ProMET® On-Site Standard (8x5, on-site,
next business day) maintenance unless Pro MET 24x7 Professional appears in the Service Details column of the above table. If
Pro MET 24x7 Professional appears in the Service Details column of the above table, the Rental CPE maintenance is ProMET® On-
Site Premium (24x7, on-site, 4-hour response) maintenance for that location. There is an additional MRC for ProMET® On-Site
Premium maintenance. Customer's site must qualify for ProMET® On-Site Premium maintenance.
The following Cancellation Charge will apply for the Fiber+ Internet Bundle solution(s) ordered in the above table in lieu of any
cancellation charges defined elsewhere in the Agreement, unless stated otherwise herein. If a Fiber+ Internet Bundle Solution is
canceled by Customer for any reason other than for Cause or by CenturyLink for Cause before the Service Term is completed, then
Customer must pay CenturyLink the following Cancellation Charges: (A) the sum of the applicable Fiber+ Internet MRC, plus any
additional MRCs associated with the Fiber+ Internet Bundle Solution at that Service location multiplied by: (1) 100% of the number of
months, if any, remaining in the first year of the Service Term; (2) 75% of the number of months, if any, remaining in the second year of
the Service Term; and (3) 50% of the number of months, if any, for the remainder of the Service Term; (B) the amount of any applicable
nonrecurring charges waived or discounted by CenturyLink for the Services; (C) the amount of any installation or construction charges
incurred by CenturyLink to install the Services; and (D) charges incurred by CenturyLink from a third-party provider that result from the
early termination. The charge in the Rental CPE section that applies if Customer fails to return rental CPE to CenturyLink will also
apply.
As part of the Service provisioning process, CenturyLink will identify whether Customer's Local Access functionality is IP Connection as
described in the Local Access service-specific terms. If it is, Customer agrees to use the CenturyLink 1Q Networking Internet Port only
for the provision of either: (i) wireline broadband Internet access (as defined in applicable Federal Communications Commission orders
and regulations), or (ii) wireline broadband Internet access plus additional information services, with wireline broadband Internet access
constituting a principal use. If the IP Connection Local Access functionality is used in conjunction with a CenturyLink 1Q Networking
Private Port, Customer must, so long as the Private Port is used, either: (iii) have entered into an agreement or amendment directing
Customer to the Network-Based Security ("NBS") service-specific terms and use NBS with the Private Port or (iv) use the Private Port
in conjunction with an interconnected Internet Port in a multi-site configuration. In either case, Customer agrees the arrangement will
Opportunity ID#: 56091266  © CenturyLink. All Rights Reserved.
CONFIDENTIAL
Customer Name: Distributed Computing, Inc.
Quote #: Q-00621183
— Quote Generation Date: 11/7/2018 12:04:19 PM
a CenturyLink: ie Cutoff Date: 12/22/2018
Currency: USD
be configured so each Private Port connection will be used consistent with the wireline broadband Internet access usage limitations
noted in (i) and (ii) above.
No Resale. Customer warrants: 1) Services are for its own use; 2) It will not resell the Services, regardless of whether it qualifies as a
reseller under the Telecommunications Act of 1996 or under state law; and 3) It will not in any way offer third party access to the
Services, even if it adds features or functions to the Services or combines the Services with another service.
Business Applications Provisions
Customer is currently eligible to receive the following optional CenturyLink business applications provided by CenturyLink affiliate
Savvis Communications Corporation DBA CenturyLink TS and its affiliates (CenturyLink TS") at no additional charge. The optional
business applications apply to the product(s) listed in the Product column of the preceding pricing table. CenturyLink or CenturyLink
TS may modify or discontinue this offering for any future purchases of the product(s) listed in the Product column of the preceding
pricing table. You will receive a URL and log-in credentials to access your business applications. When you first log in to the
Management Console, you will be asked to accept the CenturyLink terms and conditions before activating the applications. The optional
business applications are governed by the CenturyLink business applications terms and conditions also found at
https://apps.centurylink.com/terms-conditions and not by this Agreement.
Optional Business Applications Included at No
Additional Charge Quentity/Detaile
Microsoft Office 365 from CenturyLink 10 Business Essential licenses, includes email
w/ 50GB storage
[GioudFax SS —_* 20 InbouncOutbound Pages
Customer may purchase additional CenturyLink TS services at the following website: https://apps.centurylink.com/login. Additional
charges will apply.
Customer: Distributed Computing, Inc.
Q c -
Authorized SignatGre
Deanna Kelly
Name Typed or Printed
CenturyLink Sales Solutions, Inc.
Authorized Signature
Name Typed or Printed
Title Title
\WAa§
Date Date
Service(s) Total for Services priced in this Quote
Monthly Recurring Non-Recurring
Charges ($) Charges ($)
Opportunity ID#: 56091266  © CenturyLink. All Rights Reserved.
CONFIDENTIAL
. Customer Name: Distributed Computing, Inc.
al Quote #: Q-00621183
Quote Generation Date: 11/7/2018 12:04:19 PM
TI Centu ryLink Cutoff Date: 12/22/2018
= Currency: USD
Customer Acceptance Provisions
ls Charges/Orders. CenturyLink will charge Customer the rates for the Services shown above. If Customer changes any of the
Bundle/Package or Service Details or moves a Service Address, these rates will not apply. Rates and charges for Service elements not
identified appear in the applicable terms and conditions. Rates do not include foreign, federal, state or local taxes, surcharges, fees,
EAS, Zone, CALC, or other similar charges. Services (located at the address specified, if applicable) shown on this Quote may not be
combined with any other offer(s) or discount(s) other than those specifically listed on this Quote. Early termination charges may apply
as set forth in the Agreement. By signing this Quote, Customer orders the services, bundles, offers, and packages identified in the
Product column of the table(s) above ("Services").
2; General. A CenturyLink Total Advantage Express Agreement, CenturyLink Total Advantage Agreement, CenturyLink Master
Service Agreement, CenturyLink Master Service Agreement Express or CenturyLink Loyal Advantage Agreement that is signed by
authorized representatives of both parties on or before the earlier of the Cutoff Date on this Quote or the Cutoff Date on the agreement
and includes all Service specific terms for the Service(s) described and any applicable offer terms in this Quote as determined by
CenturyLink records is required to implement the pricing in this Quote (Agreement). The terms of this Quote including the Other
Provisions, Customer Acceptance Provisions, Terms and Conditions for VP Checkbook Credit Offer, and Business Applications
Provisions for the Services control except that the Terms and Conditions that appear under the pricing table for the Services will only
apply if Customer's Agreement is a CenturyLink Total Advantage Express Agreement or CenturyLink Master Service Agreement
Express and will not apply if Customer's Agreement is a CenturyLink Total Advantage Agreement, CenturyLink Master Service
Agreement or CenturyLink Loyal Advantage Agreement. Existing services, bundles, offers, or packages will continue to be governed by
the terms and conditions incorporated by attachment or reference when previously added to the Agreement. If the Agreement does not
allow for rates to be set forth in a quote, this Quote amends the Agreement to include CenturyLink-approved signed quotes as a
method to order the Services listed above.
3. Waived NRCs. Despite anything to the contrary in the Service-specific terms and conditions and for purposes of this Quote
only, NRCs are NOT waived unless this Quote expressly states NRCs are waived or the NRCs appear in the waived column in the
above table(s). If a Cancellation Charge requires Customer to pay the amount of any waived or discounted NRC, the NRC will be the
amount stated in this Quote or shown in the Waived NRC column in the above table(s) despite anything to the contrary in the Existing
Agreement or Agreement.
4. MACD. If in this Quote Customer is upgrading, moving, disconnecting or otherwise changing an existing Service, cancellation
charges may apply as set forth in the Agreement.
Except to the extent required by an open records act or similar law, Customer agrees not to disclose this Quote or any of its
contents to any third party.
Opportunity ID#: 56091266  © CenturyLink. All Rights Reserved.
CONFIDENTIAL
CENTURYLINK® TOTAL ADVANTAGE® EXPRESS - AGREEMENT - Summary Page
This CenturyLink® Total Advantage Express Agreement is between CenturyLink Sales Solutions, Inc. as contracting agent on behalf
of the applicable CenturyLink company providing the Services under this Agreement (CenturyLink) and DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING,
INC. (Customer or You). The name of the CenturyLink operating company providing Services to Customer is listed in the service-
specific terms and conditions. CenturyLink may withdraw this offer if Customer does not execute and deliver the Agreement to
CenturyLink on or before December 22, 2018 (Cutoff Date"). Using CenturyLink's electronic signature process for the Agreement is
acceptable.
1. Services. CenturyLink provides Services under the terms of this CenturyLink Total Advantage Express Agreement and Summary
Page including (a) the Terms and Conditions following the signature block, as more fully described in Section |. General Terms and
Conditions of the Detailed Terms and Conditions (DT&C) at: http://www.centurylink.com/leqal/DTC/v85.pdf, (b) the service-specific
terms and conditions applicable to the Services in Section Il. Additional Service-Specific Terms and Conditions of the DT&C, and (c)
the supplemental terms and conditions (if any) for which links have been provided below the pricing table(s) in this Agreement or ina
valid CenturyLink quote that references this Agreement (collectively the Agreement.") Provisions that are applicable to a specific
CenturyLink company are so indicated. All general provisions are applicable to services provided by the CenturyLink company providing
the Services under this Agreement. For an interim period of time until all work is completed to update the Service-specific provisions,
various on-line offer provisions, Tariffs and other terms and conditions incorporated by attachment or reference into this Agreement, all
references to Qwest Communications Company, LLC mean CenturyLink Communications, LLC f/k/a Qwest Communications Company,
LLC.
The following Services are incorporated into the Agreement:
ween ennn ne nnnnnnneenenennnnnnennnnanenennncennnnnnnnennnnnnnnenennnennenennennnannnnanenennnwennannnnnecnenannnnanenenannnansannnennsnaaaaeaamemnaee sis
FIBER + INTERNET BUNDLE
CenturyLink will charge Customer, and Customer will pay, the rates set forth in a signed CenturyLink issued quote for Service, which will
reference this Agreement. The Initial Service Term is set forth in the quote.
eaennwnnnnnnwnnnnnnnnn nana nnn nn nnn n nnn nnn nnn nn nn nnn nena nnn n enn c nee e een nn nn nn nnn nn nn nn nen nn nnnnnennnnnnennernenennannnnnnnnnnnnnnnmmnman
2. Rates
2.1 Rate Changes. Rates apply only for the above Services and Service Address(es) and will not apply if Customer moves a Service
Address or changes any of the Bundle or Service Details. The rates for Local Access Service and CPE Purchase may be subject to
valid quote forms, which control if they conflict with the rates listed on this Summary Page, all of which are subject to change.
2.2 Additional Charges. Additional charges may apply. Rates and charges for Service elements not identified appear in the applicable
terms and conditions. Rates do not include foreign, federal, state or local taxes, surcharges, fees, EAS, Zone, CALC, or other similar
charges.
3. Term and Termination.
3.1 Term. This Agreement is effective on the date all parties have signed below (Effective Date) and continues until expiration of all
Orders placed under this Agreement. Service Terms begin on their Start of Service Date and automatically renew unless terminated by
either party. The Start of Service Date, renewal periods and renewal period rates are described in the DT&C, Bundle or Package
Provisions, Service Provisions, or in an applicable Tariff, RSS or ISS.
3.2 Termination. If Customer gives notice of cancellation or termination, disconnects any portion of a Service or breaches this
Agreement resulting in the termination of a Service before the end of the applicable Service Term, Cancellation Charges will apply as
set forth in the applicable terms and conditions.
4. Amendments. At CenturyLink's sole discretion, the parties may amend the Agreement to add additional CenturyLink services.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted in the Agreement, amendments must be in writing and signed by both parties authorized
representatives.
CUSTOMER: DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING, INC. CENTURYLINK SALES SOLUTIONS, INC.
uthorized Signature Authorized Signature
Deanna Kelly
Name Typed or Printed Name Typed or Printed
Vice Prestdeat v/s iy
Title ate Title Date
Customer's Address for Notices: 1700 UNION AVE, Attn: General Counsel, BALTIMORE, MD 21211;
Op ID #: 56091266  © CenturyLink. All Rights Reserved.
Contract Code: 490003 CONFIDENTIAL CGT R.v85.110118
CENTURYLINK® TOTAL ADVANTAGE® EXPRESS - AGREEMENT — Summary Page
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. Additional Terms and Conditions. Customer understands that the DT&C and other provisions identified in this Agreement (Other
Provisions) contain additional important terms and conditions that apply to the Services, including, among other things, confidentiality
obligations, disclaimer of warranties, indemnification, shortfall charges, minimum-service terms, early termination charges, and jury-trial
and class-action waiver.
2. Payment. Customer must pay all charges within 30 days of the invoice date except for CenturyLink QC charges, which Customer must
pay by the due date on the invoice. Charges not paid by their due date are subject to late payment charge of the lesser of 1.5% per month
or the maximum rate allowed by law or required by Tariff. In addition to payment of charges for Services, Customer must also pay
CenturyLink any applicable Taxes (which is defined in the DT&C and may include surcharges, fees, and other similar charges) assessed in
connection with Services. Customer's payments to CenturyLink must be in the form of electronic funds transfer (via wire transfer or
ACH), cash payments (via previously-approved CenturyLink processes only), or paper check.
3. Notices.
(a) All notices must be in writing. Notices are deemed given if sent to the addressee specified for a party either (i) by registered or
certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, three days after such mailing; or (ii) by national overnight courier service,
next business day; or (iii) by facsimile when delivered if duplicate notice is also sent by regular U.S. Mail.
(b) Service Notices. All Customer notices for Service disconnect and termination must be sent via e-mail to: CenturyLink, Attn.:
BusinessDisconnects@centurylink.com, except that for Services purchased under the CPE Products & Services; Professional Services
Section of the DT&C Customer notice must be provided to the customer care number specified on Customer's invoice, and must contain
the account name, account number, identification of the Service(s), and Service address(es). Such disconnect and termination is
effective 30 days after CenturyLink's receipt of the notice, unless a longer period is otherwise required by Service-specific Terms and
Conditions below. Customer's notice of non-renewal for Services must be sent via e-mail to: CenturyLink, Attn.: CenturyLink NoRenew,
e-mail: Norenew@centurylink.com. All Customer notices for other routine operational notices will be provided to its CenturyLink sales
representative. Failure to provide disconnect, termination and non-renewal notices in accordance with the terms of this Agreement may
result in continued charges, and CenturyLink will not credit charges for such noncompliance.
(c) Legal Notice. All legal notices required to be given under the Agreement will be in writing and provided to CenturyLink at: 931 14"
Str., #900, Denver, CO 80202; Fax: 888-778-0054; Attn.: Legal Dept., and to Customer as provided in the Agreement or in its absence,
to Customer's address reflected in CenturyLink's records Attn. General Counsel.
4. Credit Approval. Provision of Services is subject to CenturyLink's credit approval of Customer. As part of the credit approval
process, CenturyLink may require Customer to provide a deposit or other security. Additionally during the Term, if Customer's financial
circumstance or payment history becomes reasonably unacceptable to CenturyLink, CenturyLink may require adequate assurance of
future payment as a condition of continuing CenturyLinks provision of Services. Customer's failure to provide adequate assurances
required by CenturyLink is a material breach of the Agreement. CenturyLink may provide Customer's payment history or other
billing/charge information to credit reporting agencies or industry clearinghouses.
5. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, ALL SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ARE
PROVIDED AS IS. CENTURYLINK DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ALL
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. CENTURYLINK
MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT ANY SERVICE WILL BE FREE FROM LOSS OR LIABILITY ARISING
OUT OF HACKING OR SIMILAR MALICIOUS ACTIVITY, OR ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF THE CUSTOMER.
6. Limitations of Liability. The remedies and limitations of liability for any claims arising between the parties are set forth below.
(a) Consequential Damages. NEITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, OR CONTRACTORS IS LIABLE FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST
REVENUES, LOST DATA, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, OR COSTS OF COVER. THESE LIMITATIONS APPLY REGARDLESS
OF THE LEGAL THEORY UNDER WHICH SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED AND REGARDLESS OF FORESEEABILITY.
(b) Claims Related to Services. For Customer's claims related to Service deficiencies or interruptions, Customer's exclusive remedies
are limited to: (a) those remedies set forth in the SLA for the affected Service or (b) the total MRCs or usage charges paid by Customer
for the affected Service in the one month immediately preceding the event giving rise to the claim if an SLA does not apply.
(c) Personal Injury; Death; Property Damages. For claims arising out of personal injury or death to a party's employee, or damage to
a party's real or personal property, that are caused by the other party's negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the
Agreement, each party's liability is limited to proven direct damages.
(d) Other Direct Damages. For all other claims arising out of the Agreement, each party's maximum liability will not exceed in the
aggregate the total MRCs and usage charges paid by Customer to CenturyLink under the Agreement in the three months immediately
preceding the event giving rise to the claim ("Damage Cap). The Damage Cap will not apply to a party's indemnification obligations or
Customer's payment obligations under the Agreement.
7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including DT&C, Other Provisions, and any CenturyLink-accepted Order Forms constitute the
entire agreement between the parties. This Agreement supersedes all prior oral or written agreements or understandings relating to the
same service, ports, or circuits at the same locations as covered under this Agreement. Capitalized terms are defined in the DT&C and
Other Provisions.
8. Purchase Orders. This Agreement controls over any Customer-issued purchase order, and any terms or conditions contained in a
Customer-issued purchase order or other Customer ordering document will have no force or effect.
9. Uniform Resource Locators (URLS). References to URLs in this Agreement include any successor URLs designated by
CenturyLink.
Op ID #: 56091266  © CenturyLink. All Rights Reserved.
Contract Code: 490003 CONFIDENTIAL CGT R.v85.110118
AID J
= + CenturyLink~
Channel Alliance
Letter of Agency
Date: 11/8/2018
To: CenturyLink
From: SSH Tallahassee FL 507150
1554 Surgeons Drive
Tallahassee, FL 32308
Sub-Agent of:
Telarus LLC
45 W Sego Lily Dr, Suite 220
Sandy, UT 84070
This Letter of Agency (LOA) hereby authorizes SSH Tallahassee FL 507150 and Telarus LLC to
act as our agent for the purpose of ordering, coordinating, discussing and arranging communications
services at the location indicated below and specifically authorizes release of all customer records to
SSH Tallahassee FL 507150 and Telarus LLC, including but not limited to billing records, services
records, and network and equipment records. We accept full responsibility for all authorized orders
placed by our authorized agent with CenturyLink on our behalf.
This LOA will become effective on 11/8/2018 and will remain in effect for: (check one of the following):
a period of one year unless revoked in writing prior to that date
indefinitely, until revoked in writing
This LOA does not preclude our ability to act in our own behalf when we deem it necessary. Any
0 ay be directed to Zane Gee at 410-464-8928.
PPP
Customer Signature
Deanna Kel
VP, DCr toa.
SSH Tallahassee FL 507150
Tallahassee, FL 32308
Member (indicated above) and Centu
Link agre! i i
our joint Customer (indicated above), ry! gree to protect Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) on behalf of