ADDENDUM to Master Services Agreement
TeNn4.
Customer Legat Name: KZ.) [eg Qeecraoa Corgofahou
Customer Address: (Qo | Joo ernes& Aye. , Balkmore, tD 207 oR
As ofthe ___ day of , 2020 ("Effective Date), Tend and Customer enter into this Addendum to the Managed Services Agreement
(MSA). This Addendum is intended to be used in conjunction with the MSA, which includes the standard terms and conditions, and any
Service Order Forms ("SOF") for Wireless Broadband Services, which include the site-related order details. All such documents are
incorporated herein by reference and constitute part of this Addendum.
1. Service Term
The Service Term for Wireless Broadband Services is provided on the SOF. Billing for the services shall commence on the earlier of: (i) use
of the Service by customer or (ii) five (5) days after delivery of the service to the Customer's service address. This Addendum shall continue in
effect for as long as any SOF for Billing Aggregation Services is in effect.
Auto Renewal: Following the Initial Service Term, the SOF shall renew automatically on a month-to-month basis upon the same terms and
conditions, and either party either party may terminate at any time with sixty (60) days written notice.
2. Coverage & Usage
Services: During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide wireless broadband services to Customer's network, for sites listed in the SOF,
and as may be amended hereafter in writing. Ten4 agrees to provide the following Services:
e Fixed cellular connectivity for backup and/or primary, as needed
¢  Custom-designed data plan and equipment selection per site
*  Cross-carrier data pooling
« Trouble ticketing, returns, usage reporting, analytics
In addition to the terms and conditions in the MSA and listed herein, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE BOUND
BY THE UNDERLYING SERVICE PROVIDER CONTRACTS.
Usage: Tend reserves the right to increase Customer's Service plan, based on usage, if Customer utilizes more than 3x their data service rate
in any consecutive 3-month period during their term of agreement. Ex. If base rate is 5GB and Customer usage is greater than 15GB for three
consecutive months, data rate plan may be amended and Customer may be billed accordingly going forward.
3. Payments
Customer will pay all Charges as set forth in the SOF. Charges may not include taxes, fees, or regulatory surcharges that may be assessed
on the Services (Taxes), and Customer will be responsible for all such Taxes. Alll bills are due within thirty (30) days upon receipt of Ten4
invoice.
Billing for Wireless Broadband Services shall commence when the SOF is signed and shall continue on a monthly basis. In the event any
additional Services sites are later added on a date that is not the first day of the month, fees shall be pro-rated for the month of migration and
invoiced in the next subsequent full month.
4. Customer Obligations
Customer agrees to fully complete all reasonably requested forms which may be needed to provide the Services, including but not limited to
Service Order Forms, Letters of Agency, Provider Contracts and others. One-time Pro-Install fee requires that site be accessible and local
contact be available to service technician. Additional fees may apply for subsequent visits or cancellations. Services may be provided by Ten4
through one or more of its affiliates.
5. Termination
Termination For Cause. Either party may immediately terminate the SOF by written notice if the other party breaches a provision of this
Addendum or the MSA and the breaching party does not cure such breach as follows:
a, _ after written notice and a five (5) day cure period in the event of any failure to pay an amount due hereunder, or
b. after written notice and a thirty (30) day cure period in the event of any other breach.
If Tend Terminates for Cause, Ten4 will have no further liability or obligation under this Addendum and accompanying SOF.
Early Termination Fee. If Customer terminates any Services prior to the expiration of the Service Term, Customer shall pay Ten4 an Early
Termination Fee equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the initial contract value for that site. In no event shall Customer be entitled to any
refund of already paid charges if the SOF, Addendum or MSA, or any portion thereof, is terminated.
Ten4 and Customer have caused this Addendum to be executed below by their duly authorized signatories.
Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4
By: Deanna R. Kelly
Title: Vice President
1700 Union Avenue, Suite B + Baltimore, MD 21211 + 410-464-8900 + www.ten4.us