Proprietary and Confidential  
 Master Service Agreement  
This Master Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on the date of the last signature below (Effective Date) by and  between 
NITEL INC.  (NITEL) and the customer identified below (Customer).  This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions 
applicable to Customers purchase of communications services (Service(s)) from NITEL.  This Agreement consists of the gener al terms 
and conditions stated herein; the NITEL Service Guide located at http://serviceguide.nitelusa.com  (Service Guide); the Service Level 
Agreements located at http://www.nitelusa.com/sla.htm  (collectively referred to as the SLA); and the NITEL Acceptable Use Policy 
located at http://www.nitelusa.com/aup.htm  (AUP).  NITEL reserves the right to modify the Service Guid e, the SLA, and the AUP at any 
time.  In such an event, NITEL will provide a thirty (30) day email notice of any changes to Customers email address on reco rd.  If there 
is a conflict, the order of priority shall be the Service Order, the General Terms and  Conditions, the Service Guide, and then the SLA.  
GENERAL TERM AND CONDITIONS  
1.  Service Orders & Term.   Customer must submit requests for Service in a manner and on a form designated by NITEL (Service 
Order).  Each Service Order will state the term for  which Service is requested (the Initial Service Term) and the pricing for the Service.  
Upon expiration of the Initial Service Term, the Service will renew on a month -to-month basis (Renewal Term) unless terminated by 
Customer or NITEL.  In order to t erminate the Service, prior to renewal, Customer must provide Nitel with written notice forty -five (45) 
days prior to the Initial Service Term (or any subsequent Renewal Term) but no earlier than 75 days prior to the expiration o f such Term.  
The Initial S ervice Term and any Renewal Term are collectively referred to herein as Term.  If Customer wishes to terminate (disconnect) 
a Service for any reason, Customer is required to follow the disconnection process set forth in the Service Guide.  After the  Initial Service 
Term, NITEL may modify the rate for a Service upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Customer.       
2.  Service Installation and Acceptance.    
a. Nitel will issue Firm Order Commitment (the FOC) date for a Service to the Customer.  Cu stomer acknowledges that FOC dates can 
change from time to time for various reasons.  If Nitel changes the FOC date, NITEL will provide Customer with the updated FO C date.  
NITELs inability or failure to deliver any ordered Service by the FOC Date will no t be a default under the Agreement, and NITEL will not 
be liable to Customer as a result of NITELs inability or failure to deliver the Service.  
b. NITEL will attempt to provide Service by the requested installation date but will not be liable for any dela ys in Service delivery.  The 
Start of Service Date refers to the date that the Service is available for use by Customer, subject to the following Servic e acceptance 
process. After NITEL notifies Customer that a Service is available, Customer may test the  Service to determine if the Service is operating 
in accordance with the technical specifications set forth in the applicable SLA.  If Customer provides NITEL with written not ice that a 
Service is in material non -compliance with the applicable SLA within t wo (2) business days after NITEL notifies Customer that the Service 
is available, then NITEL will promptly take such reasonable action as is necessary to correct any such non -compliance in the Service and 
shall, upon correction, notify Customer of a new St art of Service Date.  Any non -compliance notice must contain information describing 
the nature of the material non -compliance with the technical specifications for the Service(s) in question. If Customer does not deliver 
such a non -compliance notice within  the two (2) business day period, Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the Service, and 
billing will commence on the original Start of Service Date.   
3. Service Cancellation. If a Service is cancelled prior to the Start of Service Date, Customer will  pay to NITEL a charge equal to any 
charges incurred by NITEL from the underlying service providers, in addition to any cancellation charges listed in the Servic e Guide.   
4.  Service Disconnection. In order to disconnect a Service, Customer must complete t he NITEL Customer Disconnect Request Form 
located at www.nitelusa.com/disconnects .  Such termination is effective 45 days after NITELs receipt of the notice, unless otherwise 
agreed upon by Nitel and Cus tomer.  
5.  Credit Review & Deposits .  Provision of Services is subject to NITELs credit approval of Customer. Based on the credit check, NITEL 
may, in its sole discretion, require that Customer provide a deposit as a condition of purchasing Services.  Additionally, du ring the Term, 
if Cust omer fails to make timely payment for Services, NITEL may require adequate assurance of future payment (e.g., a deposit or other 
acceptable form of security) as a condition of continuing NITELs Services. Customers failure to provide adequate assurances r equired 
by NITEL is a material breach of the Agreement. NITEL may provide Customers payment history or other billing/charge informat ion to 
credit reporting agencies or industry clearinghouses.  
6.  Invoices and Disputes .  Customer must pay all applicable  Monthly Recurring Charges (MRCs) and Non -recurring Charges (NRCs) 
set forth in the applicable Service Order or pricing attachment.  Invoices are delivered monthly and payment is due 30 days a fter the 
invoice date (the Due Date).  Fixed charges are bille d in advance and usage -based charges are billed in arrears.  Billing for partial 
months is prorated.  Past due amounts bear interest at 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is less (Late Fee).  
Customer is responsible for all Serv ice charges, even if incurred as the result of unauthorized use.  If Customer reasonably disputes an 
invoice, Customer must pay the undisputed amount by the Due Date and submit written notice of the disputed amount (detailing the 
nature of the dispute, the  Services and invoice(s) disputed).  Customer must submit disputes in writing within 60 days of the date of the 
invoice or the right to dispute is waived.  If a dispute is resolved against Customer, Customer will pay the disputed amounts  plus the Late 
 Proprietary and Confidential  
 Fee from the initial Due Date.  Customer will be liable to NITEL for all costs and expenses incurred in collecting amounts due to  NITEL, 
including legal fees.   
7.  Taxes and Fees .  Except for taxes based on NITEL's net income, Customer will be responsible for  all taxes and fees arising in any 
jurisdiction, including but in no way limited to value added, consumption, sales, use, gross receipts, foreign withholding (w hich will be 
grossed up), excise, access, bypass, franchise or other taxes, fees, duties, charge s or surcharges (including regulatory and 911 
surcharges) imposed on or incident to the provision, sale or use of Service  (collectively, Taxes and Fees) .  Such charges will include 
the following http://www.nitelusa.com/pages/csr.php .   The Monthly Recurring Charge (MRC)  for Services is exclusive of Taxes and 
Fees.  Customer may present NITEL with a valid exemption certificate and NITEL will give effect to any valid exemption prospectively  
(not retroa ctively) following NITELs receipt of the certificate.  
8.  Regulatory Activity. To the extent permitted by applicable law, in the event of any change to any law, rule, regulation or other 
regulatory activity (Regulatory Activity) that affects the Services provided hereunder, NITEL may at any time upon written notice: (i) pass 
through to Customer all, or a portion of, any charges or surcharges directly or indirectly related to such Regulatory Activit y; or (ii) modify 
the rates, and/or other terms an d conditions contained in the Agreement to reflect the impact of such Regulatory Activity.  
9.  Use of Service.   Customer may use Services for any lawful purpose consistent with NITELs then current acceptable use and privacy 
policies available at http://www.nitelusa.com/aup.htm .  Customer will not resell or bundle the Services, nor permit any third party access 
to the Services in exchange for compensation of any kind.  
10.  Service Interruptions.   In the event of an interruption of Service, NITEL will use reasonable efforts to restore Service promptly. 
Whenever an interruption occurs, NITEL shall have no liability or obligation unless and until Customer has notified NITEL or unless NITEL 
network p ersonnel have actual knowledge of such condition.  In the event of an interruption of Service, NITELs liability shall be lim ited to 
its obligation to issue service credits as described in Section 11 of the Agreement. The duration of any interruption will be calculated from 
the time the report of the interruption is made to NITEL. In the event of any interruption, Customer shall, immediately grant  NITELs 
employees, agents, and/or contractors access to Customer's premises and all pertinent equipment therein  and fully assist and cooperate 
with NITEL in remedying the interruption.  
11.  Service Level Agreements.  Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and additional terms for Services are listed at 
http://www.nitelusa .com/sla.htm  and are incorporated herein by reference to the extent Customer orders those Services.  NITEL reserves 
the right to modify the SLAs and additional terms from time to time effective upon notice to Customer set forth in a NITEL in voice to 
Custom er.  The SLAs set forth Customers exclusive sole remedies for any claim relating to a Service including any failure to meet any 
objectives set forth in the SLA.  NITELs records and data shall be the basis for all SLA calculations and determinations.  T he maximum 
amount of credit in any calendar month under an SLA shall not exceed the monthly recurring charge, which, absent the credit, would 
have been charged by NITEL for the affected Service in that month.  
12.  Termination.   Upon Customer's (i) failure to  perform  any non -monetary provision of the Agreement or any Service Order hereunder 
that is not corrected by Customer within thirty (30) days after having received notice from NITEL; (ii) failure to meet any o f its payment 
obligations (including failure t o pay a required deposit) that is not corrected in full by Customer within five (5) days after receipt of written 
notice from NITEL; or (iii) becoming the subject of a bankruptcy, liquidation or other insolvency proceeding or upon commence ment of 
any other  action against Customer with respect to creditors in the nature of bankruptcy,  insolvency or liquidation, NITEL may, at its 
option, terminate the Agreement and all underlying Services, suspend all or any Service, and/or require a deposit, advanced p aymen t, or 
other satisfactory assurances as a condition of continuing to provide Services.   NITEL may also pursue all other rights and remedies 
available to it under the Agreement, at law or in equity, including but not limited to payment of early termination charges.   
13.  Termination Liability.   If NITEL terminates the Agreement or any Service(s) due to Customer's default, or if Customer terminates 
the Agreement or any Service(s) prior to the expiration of such Service's specified Term, Customer will pay to NITEL an early termination 
charge equal to (i)  all recurring and non -recurring charges specified in the applicable Service Order Form(s) for the balance of each 
Service's specified Term, plus; (ii) any charges levied by the underlying service provider in connection with the termination that NITEL 
does not recover under clause (i) of this Section 13. Customer shall also be liable to NITEL for all non -recurring and recurring charges 
that were waived or discounted by NITEL.  Customer agrees that these terms p rovide a reasonable approximation of NITELs damages 
and are not a penalty.  In the event that Customer has signed a Minimum Monthly Commitment (MMRC) Addendum to this Agreemen t, 
Customer will remain liable to pay NITEL the entirety of the MMRC for the a greed upon term of such Addendum.  
14.  Indemnification and Limitations on Liability.   
a. Customer and NITEL shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other from and against any loss, debt, liability, damage, ob ligation, 
claim, demand, judgment or sett lement of any nature or kind, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, of any third party, including 
without limitation all reasonable costs and expenses, such as reasonable litigation costs and attorneys fees (Claim), rela ting to damage 
to tangibl e property or bodily injury, or wrongful death, to the extent such Claim arises out of the negligence or willful misconduct o f the 
respective indemnifying party, its employees, agents, or contractors in connection with the Agreement or the provision of Ser vices 
hereunder.  
 Proprietary and Confidential  
 b.  Customer will indemnify, defend and hold NITEL, its affiliates and each of its respective owners, directors, officers, em ployees and 
agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, expenses, losses, demands, actions, cause s of action, judgments, fees and 
costs, of any kind or nature whatsoever (Claims), to the extent such Claim (i) is brought by a downstream customer of Custome r or an 
end user and arises out of an alleged defect in or failure of Service; or (ii) arises out of or relates to the content transmitted over NITELs 
network, whether sent by Customer or any third party, including without limitation, Claims relating to any violation of copyr ight law, export 
control laws, or that such transmissions are libelous, sland erous, or an invasion of privacy or illegal.  
c.   The indemnified party shall promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of any claims which are subject to the terms of  this section.  
The indemnified party shall have the right at its own expense to appoint its own counsel who shall be entitled to participate in any 
settlement negotiations or litigation regarding any matter for which it is entitled to be indemnified hereunder.  The indemni fying party shall 
not agree to any settlement or consent to any  decree, order or judgment without obtaining the consent of the indemnified party, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.   
d. IN  NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTYS LIABILITY HEREUNDER TO THE OTHER PARTY EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF SERVICE 
CHARGES PAID BY TH E CUSTOMER DURING THE SIXTY (60) DAY PERIOD PRIOR TO THE ACCRUAL OF THE MOST RECENT 
CLAIM.   IN NO EVENT WILL EIT HER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST 
REVENUES, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF DATA, THE  COST OF PURCHASING 
REPLACEMENT SERVICES, OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE 
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE PERFORMANCE OR FAILURE TO PERFORM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ORDER.   
NITEL WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM  AGAINST CUSTOMER BY A THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH OR FOR 
RESPONDING TO EMERGENCY 911 OR OTHER EMERGENCY REFERRAL CALLS.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING 
LIMITS OF LIABILITY, A PARTYS LIABILITY WILL NOT BE LIMITED WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS ARISING FROM (1) A PARTYS 
PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING EARLY TERMINATION CHARGES; (2) A PARTYS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS.  
e.  CUSTOMER AGREES THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET OUT IN THIS SECTION ARE FAIR AND REASONABLE IN 
THE CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE AGREEMENT AND T HAT NITEL WOULD NOT HAVE ENTERED INTO THE AGREEMENT BUT 
FOR CUSTOMERS AGREEMENT TO LIMIT NITELS LIABILITY IN THE MANNER AND TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED FOR IN THIS 
SECTION.  
15.  Force Majeure.  Neither party will be liable, nor will any remedy provided by thi s Agreement be available, for any failure of Service 
due to causes beyond such partys reasonable control (Force Majeure).  Customer will not be obligated to pay NITEL for Serv ice not 
delivered as the result of Force Majeure.        
16.  Assignment.  Neither the Agreement nor any of Customers rights and/or obligations under the Agreement shall be assigned, and/or 
delegated, and/or transferred by Customer to another party without the express written consent of NITEL (which shall not be u nreasonably 
withhel d, delayed or conditioned); however, NITEL may assign and/or delegate the Agreement to any of its related companies or any 
third party purchaser.  
17.  Warranties.   NITEL MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN FACT OR BY OPERATION 
OF LAW, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, RESPECTING THE SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.     
18.  Confidentiality.   The terms of this Agreement and all knowledge and information of a propri etary nature acquired in performing this 
Agreement are confidential.  Each party and its agents will keep such information confidential and not disclose such informat ion to third 
parties, other than to its affiliates.   
19. Notices . Except as otherwise spe cifically provided herein, any notices required or permitted to be given under the Agreement 
shall be given in writing and shall be delivered (a) in person; (b) by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt reques ted; (c) by a 
commercial overnight cou rier that guarantees next day delivery and provides a receipt; (d) by electronic mail to Customer at Customers 
designated technical and/or billing contact, or to NITEL at notice@nitelusa.com.   Customer acknowledges and agrees that NITEL may 
contact Custo mer via e -mail at the e -mail address provided to NITEL when Customer ordered the Service for any reason relating to the 
Service, including for purposes of providing Customer any notices required under the Agreement.  Customer is responsible for providing 
NITEL with any change to its email address.  It is solely Customers responsibility to notify NITEL of any changes to Customers email 
address for such notice.  Notice provided by personal delivery, certified mail, or commercial overnight courier is to be d elivered to the 
addresses listed for each party in the signature area of the Agreement, or to any such other address as either party may from  time to time 
specify in writing to the other party.  Notice shall be effective upon delivery (or refusal to accept  delivery).  
 Proprietary and Confidential  
 20.  Miscellaneous.   This Agreement is binding on the parties and their permitted successors and assigns, and together with any Service 
Orders and exhibits hereto (if any) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties.  As a material part of the consider ation for 
entering into this Agreement, each party agrees not to contest or assert any defense relating to the authority of any representat ive or 
employee of such party to enter into this Agreement or any Service Order issued pursuant to this Agreement.  This Agreement does not 
create any agency, joint venture, or partnership between NITEL and Customer, each of which are independent business entities.   No 
prior agreements, understandings, statements, proposals or representations, either oral or written, respecting the su bject matter hereof 
apply.  Except with regard to an agreed upon Service Order, this Agreement can be modified only in a writing signed by the pa rties.  If 
any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal or unenforceable, this Agreements unaffected provisions will remain in effect.  If 
either party fails to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement, such failure will not waive the right or remedy.  Thi s Agreement 
will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ill inois, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.  The 
federal and state courts located in Cook County, Illinois shall be the only courts with jurisdiction to hear disputes under t his Agreement, 
and Customer consents to the jurisdiction of these co urts. This Agreement is not binding upon NITEL until signed by an authorized NITEL 
representative.  The Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all  of which 
when taken together will constitute on e and the same instrument. The Agreement may be executed by digital signature, and any such 
digital signature shall be deemed to be an original signature and shall be binding on such party.  
NITEL INC.   
an Illinois corporation  
By        
Name        
Title        
Date ______________________________________  
________________________________ ("Customer")  
_______________ (State of formation & type of entity)  
By        
Name        
Title        
Date _______________________________________  
 James Talalai (Jan 14, 2022 17:14 EST)
SVP & CIO
James Talalai
a Nevada corporation
Concentra Health Services, Inc.
Jan 14, 2022