Amendment  No. CA-25355844 -pweck /A1  
Comcast Cable Communications Management , LLC  
CONFIDENTIAL and PROPRIETARY  
AMW  
COM:1190727v1   FIRST AMENDMENT  
to  
Comcast Enterprise Services Master Services Agreement No . CA-25355844 -pweck  
This First Amendment (Amendment)  is concurrently entered into on October 29, 2021  (Effective 
Date) in conjunction with the Comcast Enterprise Services Master Services Agreement No.  CA-25355844 -
pweck  (Agre ement) by and between Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC (Comcast) 
and Travelzoo , Inc., (Customer), individually referred to herein as Party and jointly referred to as 
Parties. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Amendment have the respective meanings assigned 
to them in the Agreement.  
Whereas,  the Parties desire to amend the Agreement by this writing to reflect the amended or additional 
terms and c onditions to which the Parties have agreed . 
Now, therefore,  in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and consideration set forth in this 
Amendment, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:  
1. Article 4.1 of the Comca st Enterprise  Services General Terms and Conditions (General Terms and 
Conditions) is hereby modified to read as follows:  
Sales Order Term.  Upon the expiration of the Service Term applicable to a Sales Order, such Sales 
Order shall automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) month each (each, a Renewal 
Term), unless prior written notice of nonrenewal is delivered by either party to the other at least thirty 
(30) days before the expiration of the  Service Term  or the then current Renewal Term. To the extent 
the initial Service Term or a Renewal Term applicable to a Sales Order extends beyond the expiration 
date of the MSA Term, such Sales Order shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditi ons of 
the Ag reement . 
2. In the event of an explicit conflict between this Amendment and the Agreement, the terms and 
conditions of this Amendment shall take precedence in the interpretation of the explicit matter in 
question.  
3. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, all other terms and conditions set forth in the  
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect  and are hereby ratified and confirmed by the Parties.  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment  as of the day and year 
written below and the persons signing covenant and warrant that they are duly authorized to sign for and 
on behalf of the respective Parties.   
    Travelzoo , Inc.  Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC  
 Signature:   Signature:   
Printed Name:   Printed Name:   
Title:   Title:   
Date:   Date:   
Azar Hashemi
Head of Engineering
11/15/2021