- PROPRIETARY  & CONFIDENTIAL  - Ten4  • Page 1       
MASTER  SERVICES  AGREEMENT  
This Master  Services Agreement is between Distributed Computing, Inc. dba  Ten4  (Ten4), with  headquarters located at 1700 
Union Avenue, Suite B, Baltimore, MD 21211, and Trex Company, Inc. , a Delaware corporation (Customer),  with headquarters 
located at 2500 Trex Way, Winchester, VA  22601 , and is effective as of the last date signed below (Effective Date).  
1. Term  of Agreement  
This Master  Services  Agreement  will have  a term of thirty -six (36) months (MSA  Term).  Any and all Service  Order  Forms (SOF) 
that are separately executed by Customer will have their own Service Term, which will pertain to that particular Service bein g 
purchased. If any Service Term extends beyond the MSA Term, this MSA will continu e to apply to such Service Order for that 
Service Term.  
2. Services  
Ten 4 will provide to Customer the Services specified in each Addendum and SOF (Services), which documents shall be 
incorporated  herein  and shall constitute  a part of this Agreement.  Each  Addendum  or SOF will specify  the Service  Charges,  Service 
Term, Service Location and other information reasonably required by Ten4 to provide the Services.  
Coverage  shall be during  the business  day (8am -5pm,  EST/EDT),  five days  per week  (Monday -Friday),  excluding  major  holidays, 
unless otherwise agreed to in writing.  
Ten4s provision of Services is in all cases subject to Ten4s Acceptable Use Policy (AUP),  which is designed to help  
protect  Ten4,  its customers,  and the Internet  community  in general  from fraud,  abuse  of resources,  and irresponsible  or illegal 
activities.  
a. Customer  Responsibilities  
Each Ten4 customer is responsible for the activities of all end -users and, by accepting service from Ten4, agrees to 
inform  its customers and/or  end-users  of this AUP or its own Acceptable  Use Policy,  which  must  not be inconsistent  with 
the terms herein.  
b. Prohibited  Conduct  
Ten4  Services are  only to be used  for lawful  and appropriate  purposes.  Customers  may not transmit  material  in violation 
of any federal or state laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, obscenity, indecency, defamation or material 
infringing trademarks or copyrights.  
Ten4  customers  may not  abuse  or fraudulently use  Ten4  products  and services,  nor allow or  permit  such  use by others.  
The following activities illustrate some, but not all, prohibited uses under this AUP:  
 Child  Pornography:  Receiving,  transporting  or distributing  by any means,  sexually  explicit conduct  involving 
children.  
 Inappropriate  Content:  Using  the services  to transmit,  distribute  or store  material  that, as reasonably  determined 
by Ten4, is inappropriate, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, abusive, hateful or excessively violent.  
 Denial  of Service:  Engaging  in any activity  that will interfere  or attempt  to interfere  with the  service  of any other  user, 
host or network on the Internet.  
 Distribution  of Viruses:  Intentional  distribution  of software  that attempts to  and/or  causes  damage  or annoyance  to 
persons, data, and/or computer systems.  
 Forging  Headers:  Forging  or misrepresenting  any message  header,  in part or whole,  of any  electronic  transmission, 
originating or passing through the Ten4 network.  
 Email Spamming or Mailbombing:  The transmitting of unsolicited  Email to multiple recipients, sending large 
amounts  of Email  repeatedly  to a person  to harass  or threaten, or  any attempt  to use Ten4  services  for SPAM.  
 Unauthorized  Access:  Illegal  or Unauthorized  Access  to Other  Computers,  Accounts,  or Networks.  
c. Violations  and Enforcement  
At Ten4s sole discretion, violations of any element of this AUP may result in a warning to the offender followed by 
suspension  or termination  of service  if the customer  does not  cease  the violation.  If Ten4  deems  that a violation  of this 
AUP has occurred, it may immediately suspend or terminate service with or without notice. Ten4 is not liable for any 
damages of any nature suffered by any customer, user, or any third party resulting in whole or in part  
from Ten4  exercising  its rights  under  this AUP.  Ten4  reserves  the right to modify  this AUP at any time.  
3. Charges  and Payments  
Charges are  specific  to the Service  being  purchased. Customer  will pay all  Charges as  set forth in the SOF for that Service  and 
shall pay according to the terms and conditions set forth in the Addendum for that Service.  
4. Access  
Customer agrees  to provide  Ten4  reasonable access  to Customers  voice/data  network, in  order that Services  may be performed  as 
set forth in the SOF.  In the event  that said access  is not  provided  as requested,  Customer  is aware  that delivery and  effectiveness  of 
Services may be jeopardized and that additional charges may be incurred.  
Docusign Envelope ID: C806299D-31E3-47ED-80FD-7C0C8DEC4B60
- PROPRIETARY  & CONFIDENTIAL  - Ten4  • Page 2  Customer  agrees  to fully complete  all reasonably  requested  forms which  may be needed  to provide  the Services,  including  but not 
limited to  Service Order Forms, Letters of Agency, Provider Contracts and others. Ten4 shall follow its standard and customary 
procedures in processing SOFs. Services may be provided by Ten4 through one or more of its affiliates.  
5. Security  & Usage  
Customer understands that Ten4 and its Underlying Service Providers cannot guaranty the security of any transmissions and will 
not be  liable  for any lack of  security relating  to the use of the Services.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  Ten4  agrees  to use no less 
than a reasonable degree of care, including relevant industry -standard practices, to protect the security of any Customer 
transmissions while providing Services to Customer.  
The Services  are for Customers  use only and Customer  may not resell  the Services  to any other  party.  
6. Warranty  Exclusion  
Except  as expressly  stated  in this Agreement,  Ten4  makes no  warranties  or representations,  express or  implied,  either  in fact or by 
operation of law, and specifically disclaims any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, applicabl e to the 
services.  
7. Limitation  of Liability  
NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCID ENTAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL  OR EXEMPLARY  LOSSES  OR DAMAGES  INCLUDING,  BUT NOT  LIMITED  TO, LOSS  OF BUSINESS,  LOSS 
OF USE, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF CLIENTS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR COST OF REPLACEMENT 
FACILITIES OR SERVICES, ARISING IN ANY MANNER FROM THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR THE PERFORMANCE OR 
NONPERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.  
Customer  has no contractual  relationship  with any Underlying  Service  Providers  through  this Agreement  and Customer  is not a 
third-party  beneficiary  of any Agreement  between  Ten4 and an Underlying  Service  Provider.  Customer  understands  and agrees  that 
Underlying Service Providers will  not have  any kind of liability to customer, regardless of the form of action, including  but not limited 
to failure or disruption of service.  
Additionally,  in no event  will Ten4s  liability  under  this Agreement  or otherwise  arising  out of Ten4s  provision  of Services  hereunder 
exceed an amount equal to the previous ninety (90) days charges for the services to which the liability relates.  
The foregoing  paragraphs  of this Section  7 will also apply  to all Underlying  Service  Providers  with respect  to the Services.  
8. Indemnification  
Each party  agrees to indemnify and hold the other party, and each of their respective officers, employees, and agents, against any 
liabilities and reasonably related costs (including legal fees)  from and against any claims, damages, penalties or liabiliti es asserted 
by any person or entity resulting directly from any breach by such party of this Agreement or any warranties , representations, 
covenants or obligations as provided for in this Agreement; or from claims, damages or liabilities arising out of any neglige nt act or 
negligent failure to act where action was required.   This indemnity  shall survive  the termination  of this Agreement.  
Ten4 shall, at its own expense, defend Customer against any claim, demand or suit made or brought against Customer by a third  party 
alleging that Customers use of the Services as allowed hereunder infringes or misappropriates the patent, copyright or trad emark rights 
of a third party and Ten4 shall pay any actual costs of settlement or any damages finally awarded against Customer.  
Additionally, Customer will defend and indemnify Ten4 , and each of their respective officers, employees,  and agents,  against  any 
liabilities  and reasonably  related  costs  (including  legal  fees)  incurred  in connection  with any claim by an end user of the Services, it 
being understood that Customer, and not Ten4, is fully responsible for any such claims.  
9. Default  
A party  is in defa ult of this  Agreement  if it breaches  this Agreement,  its Addendums  or any  SOF and fails to cure such breach  as 
follows:  
a. after written  notice  and a five (5) day cure period  in the event  of any failure  to pay an amount  due hereunder,  or 
b. after written  notice  and a thirty  (30) day cure period  in the event  of any other  breach.  
If Customer is in  default of this Agreement, all Charges accrued under any SOFs will be due and  payable and Ten4  may, in  addition 
to all other available remedies, disconnect Customers Services specific to that SOF.  
If Ten4  is in default  of this Agreement,  only the Charges  accrued  as of the date of default  will be due and payable  to Ten4.  
10. Termination  
Either party may terminate this Agreement, its Adden da and/or any affected SOF upon six ty (60) days written notice.  
Upon  default,  the non-defaulting  party  may terminate  this Agreement,  its Addendums  and/or  any affected  SOF by written  notice.  
If Ten4  Terminates  for Cause,  Ten4  will have  no further  liability or  obligation  under  the Agreement,  Addendum  and/or  accompanying 
SOF.  
If Customer terminates any Services (other than for Ten4s default) prior to the expiration of the Service Term, Customer sha ll pay 
Ten4 an Early Termination Fee equal to the MRC of the initial contract value ti mes the number of months remaining under contract 
for that site .  
Docusign Envelope ID: C806299D-31E3-47ED-80FD-7C0C8DEC4B60
- PROPRIETARY  & CONFIDENTIAL  - Ten4  • Page 3  The parties acknowledge that the ETF is a genuine estimate of the actual damages to Ten4 for Customers early termination of a 
Service  and is not a  penalty. In  no event shall  Customer  be entitled  to any refund  of already paid  Service  Charges if  this Agreement, 
its Addendums or any SOF is terminated, except for a termination based on Ten4s default, as defined in Section 9 herein.  
11. Confidentiality  
If the parties entered into a confidentiali ty or non -disclosure agreement in anticipation of this Agreement, such agreement is 
incorporated herein and shall apply instead of this Section. Otherwise, the parties acknowledge that they have or will exchan ge 
certain confidential information expressly d esignated or which should reasonably be known as confidential ( Confidentia l 
Information ) and each  party  agrees  that neither  party will  (a) use the other  partys Confidential  Information  except  for the purpose(s) 
for which it is disclosed or (b) disclos e the other partys Confidential Information to any third party except (i) under an identical 
confidentiality restriction to the receiving partys employees or contractors who have a need to know Confidential Informatio n in 
connection with the purposes for  which it is disclosed or (ii) when compelled by a court or other government agency (with as much 
advance notice to the disclosing party as reasonably possible).  
Ten4  acknowledges  that it may receive  certain  of Customers  information  that constitutes  customer  proprietary  network  information 
or customer proprietary information under applicable law, and Ten4 agrees that it will hold all such information in complia nce with 
applicable law.  
12. Other  Terms  
Force  Majeure   
Neither party shall be responsible for any loss, harm, damage, or failure to comply with any obligation hereunder resulting from 
circumstances beyond its reasonable control (commonly referred to as force majeure events) including, but not limited to fire, flood, 
war, strikes,  cable cuts, ac ts of terrorism, explosions, loss of power,  governmental restrictions, acts of third parties, or  acts of God. 
In additional, Customer will not be obligated to pay for the Services during periods of force majeure , and either party may terminate 
an affecte d SOF upon notice to the other if a force majeure event continues uninterrupted for a period of thirty (30) days or longer.  
Subcontracting  
Ten4  may subcontract  work  to be performed  under  this Agreement  but shall retain  responsibility  for the work.  
Assignment  
Neither  party  may assign  its rights  and obligations  under  this Agreement,  any SOF,  whether  by operation  of law or otherwise, 
without the prior written consent of the other party, not to be unreasonably withheld.  
Publicity  
Without  the prior written consent  of the other  Party,  neither  Party will  (i) publicly use  the name,  logo or other  identifying marks  of the 
other Party, or (ii) issue or permit the issuance of any press release or other public statement regarding this Agreement or the 
Parties relationship.  
Conflict  Between  Agreements  
In the event  of any conflict  between  this Agreement  and a SOF and Ten4s Terms and Conditions , this Agreement  will control,  except  
to the extent that  the SOF specifically references the section/provision of this Agreement that it is modifying or superseding.  
Governing  Law 
This Agreement  and the rights of  the parties  hereunder  shall be governed  by and  construed  in accordance  with the laws of the State 
of Delaware, exclusive of conflict or choice of law rules.  
Notification  
Any notices, requests, consents and other communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have 
been  delivered  on the date (a) personally  delivered,  (b) mailed,  postage  prepaid,  by certified  mail with return  receipt  requested,  or 
(c) faxed  and confirmed.  All communications  under  this section  shall be addressed  to the respective  parties  hereto  as follows:  
If to Customer:  Trex Company, Inc.  If to Ten4:   Ten4  
 2500 Trex Way   1700  Union  Avenue,  Suite  B 
 Winchester, VA 22601   Baltimore, MD 21211  
 Attn:  Attn: Legal Dept.   
Entire  Agreement  
This Agreement  constitutes  the entire  agreement  between  the parties and  supersedes all  prior or  contemporaneous oral and  written 
agreements, commitments, or understandings with respect  to the matters provided for herein. This Agreement may not be modified 
except by a writing signed by both parties. In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be invalid or 
unenforceable in whole or in part, all other provisions will nevertheless continue to be valid and enforceable with the invalid or 
unenforceable parts severed from the remainder of this Agreement. The waiver by either party of a breach, default, delay or 
omission  of any of  the provisions of  this Agreement  by the other party  will not be construed  as a waiver  of any subsequent  breach  of 
the same or other provisions.  
Docusign Envelope ID: C806299D-31E3-47ED-80FD-7C0C8DEC4B60
- PROPRIETARY  & CONFIDENTIAL  - Ten4  • Page 4  Acceptance  
I have  read and understood  the terms  and conditions of  the above  Agreement.  By my signature  hereunder, I  indicate  that I am 
authori zed to bind the indicated party and that Party agrees to the terms and conditions herein . 
Customer:  Trex Company, Inc.   Distributed  Computing,  Inc. dba Ten4  
By: By: Deanna  R. Kelly  
Title: Title:   Vice President  
Date:  Date:  
Docusign Envelope ID: C806299D-31E3-47ED-80FD-7C0C8DEC4B60
Director of Infrastructure and IT Operations
7/10/2024Keith Aylor
7/10/2024
TEN4 SERVICES AGREEMENT  
1700 Union Avenue, Suite B • Baltimore , MD 21211  • 410-464-8900 • www.te n4.us 
Customer Legal Name :  Trex Company, Inc.   
Customer  Address :  2500 Trex Way, Winchester, VA  22601   
Billing Contact  and email : [on file]   
Sales Representative :  Aimee Moore    
Service Term  
The Service Term for  Ten4 Services  is thirty -six (36) months from date of install for each service , unless otherwise stated in writing (Effective 
Date) .  
Auto Renewal : Following the Initial  Service Term, this SOF shall renew automatically on a month -to-month basis upon the same terms and 
conditions , and e ither party may terminate at any time with sixty (60) days written notice.  
Coverage  & Charges  
During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide the Services  components  described herein  at the stated rates for sites and services listed  in 
the attached Exhibits , and as may be amended hereafter in writing.  Charges listed may not include taxes, fees, or regulatory surcharges that 
may be assessed on the Services (Taxes), and Customer will b e responsible for all such Taxes.  
MRC: Customer  agrees to  pay a total of  $1,048.95  per month  for the Service  Term . 
NRC:  Customer  agrees to pay a total  one-time fee  of $0.00  in advance, at the time this Agreement is signed.     
Payments   
Payment Method  (choose one) :  
 AUTO  PAYMENT  OPTION     STANDARD PAYMENT OPTION   
 Our team will contact you with instructions for providing   Please check here to pay your monthly invoices via check.   
 secure credit card or ACH payment information.   
Unless otherwise specified in this agreement , all Ten4  invoices are payable  at the beginning of each monthly billing cycle  and are due net thirty 
(30) days from the date of the invoice.  Amounts not paid when due (total Ten4 invoice, including all Underlyin g Provider and Ten4 charges) may 
accrue interest at a rate of 1.5% per month or the highest amount permitted by applicable law, whichever is less. Additionall y, Services may be 
suspended if payment is not received within thirty (30) days following date due.  
In the event a  Ten4 Service (or component thereof)  is onboarded  on a date that is not the first day of the month, fees shall be pro -rated from the 
date onboarded  and invoiced in the subsequent full month.  
Ten4 will not increase any specified rates d uring the Service Term but may, upon notice to Customer, adjust any such rates to Ten4s then -
standard rate following the expiration of the fixed portion of the Service Term.   
Terms & Conditions   
The undersigned acknowledges they have received, read, accepted, and agree to the Ten4 terms of service and conditions incorporated in the 
following link : www.ten4.us/standardtc . 
Acceptance   
Ten4  and Customer  have caused this A greement  to be executed below by their duly authorized signatories .  
Customer : Trex Company, Inc.  Distributed Computing, Inc.  dba Ten4  
By:    By: Deanna R. Kelly  
Title:   Title:  Vice President  
Date:   Date:   
Docusign Envelope ID: C806299D-31E3-47ED-80FD-7C0C8DEC4B60
7/10/2024Keith Aylor 
 X
Director of Infrastructure and IT Operations
7/10/2024
Date: April 05, 2024
Trex
2500 Trex Way
Winchester, VA 22601
Dear Keith,
Thank you for the opportunity to provide this proposal for additional support services. We are
confident that the measures addressed on the following pages will allow your organization to
continue operating efficiently and cost-effectively.
At Ten4, we specialize in helping you leverage technology to improve the way you work and
communicate. As a follow-up to our support discussion, I have put together a proposal to add our
Assist Plus service to your account. This solution is the next step in our relationship and will allow
Ten4 to better support your connectivity efforts. The Assist Plus service will save your team time
and limit the exhaustion of resources when it comes to carrier interactions. We will provide
prompt, proactive support to bolster the already robust infrastructure in place.
As we approach the next phase of disconnecting the Trex MPLS network, Ten4 believes the best
time to add these services is now. This will add additional resources to alleviate any possible
issues that may come up when working with ACC. As an act of Good faith, Ten4 will also delay
billing the service up to 60 days after signature.
Thank you in advance for considering this solution, and I look forward to meeting with you soon.
Please dont hesitate to call me if you have any questions or need further assistance.
Sincerely,
Aimee Moore , Account Executive
office 856.505.4908
Ten4 • 1700 Union Ave • Suite B • Baltimore, MD • 21211 • 410.464.8900 Page 1
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
In today's fast-paced digital environment, seamless connectivity is the backbone of business
operations. Recognizing this essential need, Ten4 is excited to present the Assist Plus service.
Assist Plus goes beyond conventional monitoring solutions by offering a comprehensive suite of
services to ensure your Comcast ActiveCore solution and other critical circuits remain
uninterrupted and efficiently managed.
Customized Monitoring and Support for Trex
The core of our proposition is proactive monitoring of circuits that feed your Comcast ActiveCore
solution, with the flexibility to extend our oversight to additional circuits as required. Our primary
goal is to ensure that Trex experiences minimal downtime and enjoys optimal performance across
all locations.
Proactive Management and Coordination
Understanding Trex's need for a proactive approach in handling network issues, Ten4 commits to
identifying and resolving problems swiftly and coordinating and scheduling necessary vendor
meetings. This ensures that any disruptions are addressed promptly and effectively without Trex
needing to manage these engagements directly.
Tailored Communications and Support
Trex will benefit from a dedicated support team that provides:
Updates on ticket status
Proactive alerts through a contact email
A seamless communication channel for any escalations
Our support framework guarantees that Trex is always informed of the network status across
all locations.
Why Choose Ten4's Assist Plus?
Incident Management:  From detection to resolution, we handle every aspect of incident
management, ensuring rapid response to any issues.
Custom Reporting:  Gain insights into your network's performance with custom reports
detailing incidents, resolutions, and service metrics.
Guaranteed SLAs:  Our service level agreements promise quick and effective responses,
giving you peace of mind that your network is in capable hands.
In partnership with Ten4, Trex can anticipate a significant enhancement in operational efficiency
and network reliability. Our Assist Plus service is more than just a solution. It's a strategic
investment in your company's uninterrupted connectivity and overall success.
Ten4 • 1700 Union Ave • Suite B • Baltimore, MD • 21211 • 410.464.8900 Page 2
SCOPE OF WORK
Ten4 will proactively monitor the following locations and associated carrier circuits for Trex:
Ten4's proactive monitoring will cover all aspects of the service, including network performance,
uptime, and security. Trex can add more locations and circuits as required. All information will be
reviewed during the onboarding process.
Ten4 • 1700 Union Ave • Suite B • Baltimore, MD • 21211 • 410.464.8900 Page 3
Ten4 • 1700 Union Ave • Suite B • Baltimore, MD • 21211 • 410.464.8900 Page 4
Ten4 • 1700 Union Ave • Suite B • Baltimore, MD • 21211 • 410.464.8900 Page 5
MONTHLY RECURRING CHARGES (MRC)
2500 Trex Way, Winchester, VA 22601
ASSIST SERVICES
QTY DESCRIPTION MONTHLY EXTENDED
21 Ten4 Assist Plus $49.95 $1,048.95
MRC SUBTOTAL $1,048.95
TOTAL MRC $1,048.95
Pricing Excludes Taxes | Valid Through: May 5, 2024
Additional Information:
Ten4 • 1700 Union Ave • Suite B • Baltimore, MD • 21211 • 410.464.8900 Page 6
TEN4 SERVICES AGREEMENT
Customer Legal Name:  
Billing Address:  
Billing Name and Email:  
Sales Agent:   Aimee Moore
Service Address: /2500 Trex Way, Winchester, VA 22601
Service Term
The Service Term for Ten4 Services is thirty-six (36) months from date of install for each service, unless otherwise stated in writing (Effective
Date).
Auto Renewal : Following the Initial Service Term, this SOF shall renew automatically on a month-to-month basis upon the same terms and
conditions, and either party may terminate at any time with sixty (60) days written notice.
Coverage & Cost
During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide the Services components described herein at the stated rates for sites and services listed in the
attached Exhibits, and as may be amended hereafter in writing. Charges listed may not include taxes, fees, or regulatory surcharges that may be
assessed on the Services (Taxes), and Customer will be responsible for all such Taxes.
MRC:      Customer agrees to pay a total of $1,048.95  per month for the Service Term.
NRC:      Customer agrees to pay a total one-time fee of $0.00 in advance, at the time this Agreement is signed.
Monthly Payment Method (choose one):
AUTO PAYMENT OPTION STANDARD PAYMENT OPTION
Our team will contact you with instructions for providing secure
credit card or ACH payment information.Please check here to pay your monthly invoices via check.
Unless otherwise specified in this agreement, all Ten4 invoices are payable at the beginning of each monthly billing cycle and are due net thirty
(30) days from the date of the invoice. Amounts not paid when due (total Ten4 invoice, including all Underlying Provider and Ten4 charges) may
accrue interest at a rate of 1.5% per month or the highest amount permitted by applicable law, whichever is less. Additionally, Services may be
suspended if payment is not received within thirty (30) days following date due.
In the event a Ten4 Service (or component thereof) is onboarded on a date that is not the first day of the month, fees shall be pro-rated from the
date onboarded and invoiced in the subsequent full month.
Ten4 will not increase any specified rates during the Service Term but may, upon notice to Customer, adjust any such rates to Ten4s then-
standard rate following the expiration of the fixed portion of the Service Term.
Terms & Conditions
The undersigned acknowledges they have received, read, accepted, and agree to the Ten4 terms of service and conditions incorporated in the
following link. www.ten4.us/standardtc
In addition to the Terms and Conditions referenced herein, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE
UNDERLYING SERVICE PROVIDER CONTRACTS.
Acceptance
Ten4 and Customer have caused this Agreement to be executed below by their duly authorized signatories.
Customer:
By:/sign/
Title:/sign/
Date:/sign/  Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4:
By:      Deanna R. Kelly
Title:    Vice President
Date:/signDeanna/
Ten4 • 1700 Union Ave • Suite B • Baltimore, MD • 21211 • 410.464.8900 Page 7
EXHIBIT D
ASSIST SERVICES
ASSIST SERVICES
QTY DESCRIPTION MONTHLY EXTENDED
21 Ten4 Assist Plus $49.95 $1,048.95
MRC SUBTOTAL $1,048.95
Pricing Excludes Taxes | Valid Through: May 5, 2024
By checking this box, Customer allows new sites to be added with same service at the same rate without additional signature. assistCheckbox
COVERAGE
During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide help desk services relating to Customers broadband network as listed herein, and as may be
amended hereafter in writing.
Standard Assist Services include:
WAN/ Edge Connection Management
Incident Management
U.S. Based Support Team
 Connection Inventory Management (ForgeOS)
Business Hours Support
Onboarding and Maintaining Accurate Services Inventory
Assist Plus includes above (standard) Services PLUS the following:
Extended Hours Support
24/7 Proactive MonitoringService Level Agreement Response Times
Custom Reporting & Service Analysis
For Standard Assist Services, after-hours coverage for interruption of Provider Services and/or connectivity issues is provided at an additional
expense.
It is agreed that the Customer will call Ten4s Assist Line with any network issue, or via other mutually agreed upon method. Ten4 shall promptly
contact carrier for carrier-related issues, but Ten4 is not responsible for any delay that is caused solely by the carrier in resolving such carrier-
related issues.
If new broadband services are being ordered, Customer agrees to execute the referenced connectivity order/s with underlying carrier/s OR
Customer will execute a Letter of Authorization (LOA), allowing Ten4 to purchase connectivity services for this site as agreed to by the Parties
and described herein above.
INITIALS  
Ten4 • 1700 Union Ave • Suite B • Baltimore, MD • 21211 • 410.464.8900 Page 8