Ver. 04252022    
This Frontier Services Agreement  (FSA)  is effective as of  05/25/2023  by and between  Frontier Communications of America , Inc. on behalf of itself and 
its affiliates  which provide Equipment and S ervices identified in the Schedules (Frontier ), and  Southeastern Paper Group , whose primary address is 7080 
Havertys Way, Lakeland, Florida, 33805  (Customer) .   
1. Provision of Services  and Equipment  
a. Frontier will provide and the Customer agre es to pay for the  communications, installation and maintenance  services  (collectively  Service ), 
and/or purchase or lease equipment  (Equipment) , described in this FSA and Schedules executed by Customer .  
b. Customer acknowledges that certain  Services may be governed by tariff  or price schedule filed with the Federal Communications Commission 
and/or the s tate public utilities commission . In the event of any inconsistencies between this FSA and an applicable tariff, the tariff  shall control  except with 
respect  to pricing, early termination charges or cancellation charges for which this FSA shall control .   
c. Frontier will provide, maintain and repair the Frontier owned facilities and equipment used to provide the Services  (Frontier (s) Network) , up to 
and including the point at which Frontier s Network is  made available for interconnection to Customers premises equipment or inside wiring.  Customer 
shall provide Frontier reasonable access to Customers premises during normal business hours for the purpose of installing, inspecting, testing, 
rearranging, repairing or removing any Frontier Network components , including obtaining approvals , permits or licenses  from third parties as necessary . 
Customer will cooperate in good faith and provide all reasonable information and authorizations required by Frontier for the purpose of installing Services  
and/or Equipment , performing routine network grooming, maintenance, upgrades, and addressing emergencies, includin g but not limited to design layout 
records of any Customer or third party network elements to be connected to the Services and Letters of Agency allowing Fronti er to act on the Customers 
behalf related to the Services and a uxiliary third party services.  
d. Only authorized agents and representatives of Frontier may perform maintenance work  with respect to Frontiers  Network .  Any repair, alteration, 
configuration or servicing of Frontiers  Network , Services or Equipment by Customer or third parties without the written consent of Frontier is a material 
breach  of this FSA and cause for termination at Frontiers option.  
e. If Frontier is unable to commence performance hereunder due to circumstances within Customers control, an y related costs incurred by Frontier, 
including but not limited to travel at normal rate and overtime labor rate expenses, will be reimbursed by Customer. Customer  will reimburse Frontier for 
all costs incurred for installation, maintenance and repair if: (i) Frontiers  Network  is altered, maintained or repaired by any party other than Frontier, without 
Frontier prior written consent, (ii) the malfunction of the Service or Equipment is the result of mishandling, abuse, misuse, improper operation, improper 
storage, or improper in stallation by anyone other than Frontier (including use in conjunction with equipment electrically  or mechanically incompatible) ; or 
(iii) if the problem originated from a source unrelated to Frontiers  Network . 
f. Customer will provide (i) suitable building facilities (including but not limited to space, circuitry, power, backup power, and surge protectors) for 
the installation, operation, and maintenance of Frontiers  Network  in accordance with manufacturers documentation and Frontiers installation standards, 
more fully described in the applicable Schedule; and (ii) a well -lighted and safe working area that complies with all local safety standards and regulations.  
g. The Servic es or Equipment may be connected with the services or facilities of other carriers.  Frontier may, when authorized by Customer and 
as may be agreed to by Frontier, act as Customers agent for ordering facilities provided by other carriers to allow such con nection of Customers locations 
to Frontiers Network or to the network of an underlying carrier or service.   
h. Customer is responsible for all charges billed by other carrie rs or third parties .  Frontier shall not be responsible for the installation, opera tion, 
repair or maintenance  or performance  of equipment , facilities, software  or service  not provided directly by Frontier.   Customer is responsible to provide 
equipment compatible with the Service or Equipment and Frontier's Network , and any wiring required to extend a communications termination and/or 
demarcation at the Customer premises . Customer will provide suitable buildin g facilities for the provision of Services in accordance with local codes, 
including but not limited to ducting, conduit, structural borings, etc. for cable and conductors in floors, ceilings and wall s; electrical service with suitable 
terminals and power surge protection devices; and metallic grounds with sufficient slack in the equipment room, installed in conformity with the National 
Electrical Code and local codes, and Frontiers installation standards.  
i. Customer is solely responsible for the selection, implementation and maintenance of security features for protection against unauthorized   or 
fraudulent use of the Services  and Equipment . Customer is solely responsible for (a) ensuring that all of Customers data is adequately secured, 
documented and backed -up at all times  and (b) reimbursing Frontier for costs incurred by Frontier related thereto .  Frontier and its contractors are not 
responsible or liable for data loss  and/or unauthorized or fraudulent use of Customer Services or Equip ment  for any reason  and Customer agrees to 
reimburse Frontier  for costs incurred by Frontier  related thereto.   
j. Frontier will manage the Frontier N etwork in Frontiers sole discretion , and reserves the right to substitute, change or rearrange any equipment 
or facilities used in delivering Services  or provisioning the Equipment .  Frontier will endeavor to provide reasonable notice  prior to any scheduled 
maintenance, planned enhancements or upgrades, which may result in a degradation or disruption in  Service.  Frontier reserves the right to suspend 
Service for emergency maintenance to Frontier's N etwork without notice to Customer.  Customer shall designate a primary contact for receipt of such 
notice.   
k. Customer represents and warrants that its use of  the Service  and Equipment  will comply and conform with all applicable federal, state and local 
laws, administrative and regulatory requirements and any other authorities having jurisdiction over the subject matter of thi s FSA and Customer  will be 
responsible for applying for, obta ining and maintaining all registrations and certifications which may be required by such authorities with respect to such 
use. 
l. Except as expressly identified in a Schedule, Customer and its employees shall be the only permitted end -user of the Services  and leased 
Equipment .  Customer shall not resell or bundle the Services  or leased Equipment , nor permit any third party to access the Services or leased Equipment 
in exchange for compensation of any kind.  
Ver. 04252022    
2. Term  
The term of this FSA will commence as of the  date identified in the introductory paragraph above or the date the FSA is executed by both Parties, whichever 
is later (the  Effective Date ) and will continue through the Service  Term with respect to any Service or Equipment provided pursuant to this FSA. Customer 
will purchase the Services , or lease Equipment,  identified in each Schedule for the period of time stated in the Schedule (the Service Term ).  Unless 
otherwise stated in the Schedule, the Service Term and billing for the Service,  will begin upon the earlier of (i) Customers use of the applicable Service(s)  
or Equipment  or (ii) five (5) days following Frontiers installation of such Service(s ) or Equipment , and such date is deemed the commencement of the 
applicable Service Term .  If neither party provides the other with written notice of its intent to terminate a Service at least sixty (60) days prior t o expiration, 
the Service Term of each Se rvice will automatically renew for additional one -month periods, subject to the terms and conditions of this FSA and at the 
then applicable monthly term rate, excluding promotional rates.  If the parties agree to negotiated renewal terms, such terms will no t be effective unless 
and until documented in writing and executed by both parties.   
3. Payment  
a. Customer shall pay all charges set forth in the Schedules and in applicable tariffs during the Service Term .  Frontier will invoice Customer any 
non-recurring charges (NRC ), monthly recurring charges (MRC) , and usage based charges .   
b. In addition to the applicable charges set forth in the tariffs and Schedules, Customer shall pay all applicable federal, state or local sales, use, 
privilege, gross receipts, utility, value added, excise or other taxes ( excludin g taxes based on Frontiers net income), or any charges in lieu thereof, and 
any applicable surcharges or fees, whether government mandated or Frontier initiated including but not limited to Primary Interexchange Carrier Charge, 
Federal Pre -Subscribed Line  Charge , Carrier Cost Recovery Surcharge, E -911, and Universal Service and Local Number Portability, in the amounts 
applicable at the time of billing.  Customer shall also be responsible for third party charges  and penalties incurred as a result of Custome rs use of the 
Services  or Equipment  and/or unauthorized or fraudulent use thereof due to Customer s conduct.  
c. All payments shall be due within thirty (30) days of the invoice date and , in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies Frontier may have 
hereunder or under the law as a result of Customers failure to pay,  late payments shall be subject to a late payment fee of the lesser of one and one -half 
percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum allowed by law.  In the event Customer disputes any inv oiced amount, Customer will pay all charges not 
disputed, and notify Frontier of the dispute in writing, providing an explanation of the basis for the  dispute.  If Frontier does not receive notice of a payment 
dispute by Customer within ninety (90) calenda r days after the date  of an invoice, such invoice will be final and not subject to further challenge.  For the 
purpose of computing partial month charges, a month will consist of thirty (30) calendar days.  Frontier reserves the right to immediately suspend or 
terminate any or all Services or the installation or  lease  of any or all Equipment if Customer is overdue more than thirty  (30) days for payments that have 
not been disputed in good faith.  
4. Cancellation and Early Termination Charges  
a. If Customer c ancels any Service  or Equipment  prior to delivery of any E quipment or installation  of the Service  or Equipment , Customer shall pay 
a cancellation charge  equal to  the NRC and  one (1) month of MRC  for the Service, plus the total costs and expen ditures  of Frontier in connection with 
establishing  the Service prior to Frontiers receipt of notice of cancellation, including but not limited to any Equipment restocking fees .   
b. Following installation , Cus tomer may terminate a Service  or Equipment by providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Frontier. All 
unpaid amounts shall be due upon termination of any Service identified in a Schedule for any reason . In addition, and unless otherwise specifically provided 
in the applicable Schedule, if any Service  or Equipment is terminated by Customer for any reason other than breach  by Frontier  or by Frontier due to 
Customers breach,  then Customer shall pay Frontier a termination ch arge equal to the applicable MRC and all related taxes and surcharges multiplied by 
the number of months remaining in the Service Term.   Partial months shall be prorated.   
c. Customer agrees  that Frontiers damages in the event of early termination will be di fficult or impossible to ascertain , and that t he charges 
identified in this Section are intended, therefore, to establish liquidated damages in the event of termination an d are not intended as a penalty.  
5. Limitation of Liability and Warranty Provisions  
a. The liability of Frontier and its affiliates related to  this FSA or the Service or Equipment provided under this FSA,  shall in no event (a) exceed 
the limitations of liability set forth in the applicable tariffs , regulatory rule or order , (b) i f there is n o applicable tariff, regulatory rule or order, the total amount 
paid for the applicable Service  or Equipment  during the prior 12 months .  In cases of an Outage, Frontiers liability shall be limited to 1/720 of the MRC  for 
each hour  after Frontier is notified  of the Outage .  An Outage is an interruption in Service or use of the Equipment caused by a failure of Frontiers 
Network , excluding degradation or disruption due to planned or emergency maintenance or an event outside Frontiers direct control.  Notwithstanding the 
above, Frontier will not be liable to Customer for interruptions in Services  or Equipment  caused by failure of hardware or software, failure of communications 
services, power outages, or other interruptions not within the complete control of Frontier.  In addition, there will be no c redits, reductions or set -offs against 
charges for Services  or Equipment , or for interruptions  of Services  or Equipment , except as expressly set forth herein.  
b. IN NO EVENT WILL FRONTIER OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, OR FOR ANY 
OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT , EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE  OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
THEREOF.  FRONTIER AND IT S AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, LOSS OF USE, COST, CLAIM OR EXPENSE EXPERIENCED 
OR INCURRED BY CUSTOMER OR THIRD PARTIES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR EQUIPMEN T PROVIDED HEREUNDER, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO  DAMAGE, LOSS OR LOS S OF USE OF CUSTOMER DATA OR FRAUD BY THIRD PARTIES.  
c. Frontier warrants that Frontiers Network  will be maintained in good working order.  If any Service does not function substantially  in accordance 
with applicable S ervice specifications as a result of Frontiers failure to maintain Frontiers Network ( excluding degradation related to the acts or omissions 
of Customer or anyone using the Services, a force majeure event, or scheduled maintenance ), Frontiers sole obliga tion is to repair the affected Servi ce 
at Frontiers  expense.  THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND  FRONTIER 
DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO FRONTIERS NETWORK , SERVICES  OR EQUIPMENT PROVIDED PURSANT TO 
Ver. 04252022    
THESE TERMS  INCLUDING , WITHO UT LIMITATION , ANY WARRANTY OF NON -INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR FUNCTION.  FRONTIER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES  OR EQUIPMENT  OR ACCESS OR OPERATION 
OF THE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT WILL MEET CUSTOMERS NEEDS, OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR -FREE, OR SECURE .   
d. This FSA shall not be construed as granting a license with respect to any patent, copyright, trade name, trademark, service m ark, trade secret 
or any other intellectual property, now or hereafter owned, controlled or licensable by Frontier.  Customer agrees that Front ier has not made, and that 
there does not exist, any warranty, express or implied, that the use by Customer of Fr ontiers Services  and/or the Equipment  provided under this FSA will 
not give rise to a claim of infringement, misuse, or misappropriation of any intellectual property right.  
e. Customer agrees that the Services and Equipment , and Frontier s performance  hereunder are subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions 
contained in any applicable agreements (including software or other intellectual property license agreements) between Frontie r and Frontiers vendors.  
f. No action, regardless of form , arising out of this FSA or the Schedules may be brought more than two (2) years after the cause of action has 
arisen  or charges ha ve been billed whichever is earlier .  The parties hereby waive the right to invoke any different limitation on the bringing of actions 
provided under applicable  law. 
6. Indemnification  
Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold Frontier and its affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, s uccessors, assigns and agents, 
harmless from and against any and all claims, loss, damage, cost or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees) to the extent arising out or relating to 
any claim, action or proceeding brought by any third party based upon: (i)  Customers  breach of this FSA; (ii) Customers negligence or wi llful misconduct 
in the performance of its obligations under this FSA; (iii) use of the Equipment or Services , including but not limited to the content of communic ations 
transmitted thereby ; (iv) any infringement of intellectual property or misappropriation of any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary 
right arising from Customers or any other persons use of the Equipment or Services , any combination of the Equipment  or Services with other products 
or services not provided by Frontier, or any modification of the Equipment  or Services  by anyone other than  Frontier ; (v) any bodily injury (including illness 
or death) or property damage caused by Customer  or anyone within its  control .  The obligations under this Section  6 are independent of any other obligation 
under this FSA.  
7. Confidentiality  
a. Both parties agree that all terms and conditions set forth in this FSA shall be considered confidential, and that details of the terms of this FSA, 
shall not be disclosed to third parties, other than affiliates, employees, agents or contractors who have a need to know such  information in the scope of 
their employment or enga gement, without the prior written consent of the other party, unless required by law.  
b. Customer and Frontier may disclose to each other information that is confidential in nature.  In order to receive confidentia l treatment, all such 
information (hereafter Information ) shall be either (i) clearly marked as confidential if written, or clearly identified as confidential if oral or (ii) reason ably 
understood by the recipient, based on the nature of the Information or the circumstances of disclosure, to be con fidential or proprietary to the discloser.  
Except as required by law or regulation, Customer and Frontier agree not to disclose any Information to any third party  and to keep Information in a secure 
place available only to employees, af filiates , con tracto rs or agents who are subject to obligations of confidentiality no less restrictive than those set forth 
herein, and who need to know the Information for purposes of the business dealing between Customer and Frontier, and to use Information o nly in 
connecti on with such business dealings.  This Section is enforceable by injunction.  
c. Information will lose its confidential status if obtained legitimately from a third party without restriction or upon the exp iration of five (5)  years 
from delivery of each item of Information.  Information shall remain the property of the disclosing party and shall be return ed to such party on request or 
upon termination of the business dealing between Customer and Frontier.   
d. Notwithstanding any thing herein to the contrary, Frontier shall have the right to include Customers name in a public list of current customers 
who use Frontiers services, provided Frontier does not make any representation with respect to Customer and does not attribu te any  endorsements to 
Customer, without Customers prior written consent.  In addition, Frontier may publicly  identify  Customer as a new customer of Frontier or an existing 
customer obtaining expanded or additional services from Frontier, as the case may be.  
8. Breach  
a. Breach by Customer :  If Customer fails to make any payment when due  and such failure continues for five (5) days after notice , or Customer 
fails to comply with any other term or condition of this FSA or any Schedule  and such failure continues f or thirty (30) days after notice, then Frontier may 
either suspend the applicable Schedule  (or any portion thereof ) until the breach  is remedied , terminate the applicable Schedule (or any portion thereof),  
or terminate this FSA and all Schedule s.  Notwiths tanding the foregoing , Frontier may immediately  suspend Services and, after giving notice to Customer 
with an opportunity to respond appropriat e to the circumstances and Customers failure to respond, Frontier may terminate any or all Services , retrieve 
Frontier Network elements from the service location and Equipment  for which title has not transferred to Customer, in the following circumstances :  (i) in 
the event of unauthorized, unlawful or improper use or abuse of the Frontier Network or  Service ; (ii) if, in the reasonable  judgment of Frontier, Customers 
use of the Frontier Network or  Service has or will damage or have an adverse effect on Frontiers  Network, its personnel, property or service; ( iii) such 
action is necessary to meet the exigencies of an emergency; or  (iv) a court or other governmental authority having jurisdiction issues an order prohibiting 
Frontier from furnishing the Equipment or Services to Customer.  
b. Breach by Frontier :  If Frontier has not remedied any breach within thirty (30) days after Frontiers rec eipt of written notice from Customer of 
such breach  (providing reasonable  detail ), Customer may terminate the Service which is the subject of such breach. This is Customers exclusive remedy 
for a breach by Frontier.   
9. Force Majeure  
In no event will Frontier or its affiliates be liable for any delay in performance directly or indirectly caused by events be yond their control, including, but not 
limited to: acts  or om issions  of Customer, its agents, employees or contractors; acts of God; acts of the public enemy; acts of the United States, a state or 
Ver. 04252022    
other political subdivision; fire, floods or other natural disasters; accidents; wars; terrorism; cyber security events;  labor disputes or shortages; and inability 
to obtain material, power, equipment or transportation.  
10. Assignmen t 
This FSA may not be assigned by either party without the other partys prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, 
except that Frontier may assign this FSA to any successor to the business of Frontier by merger, consolidatio n or sale of assets or to any corporation 
controlling, controlled by or under common control with Frontier.  Frontier may subcontract portions of the work to be perfor med hereunder  to provision 
the Services or Equipment . 
11. Work Site Conditions  
a. If asbestos, or material containing asbestos, or any other hazardous or toxic materials are discovered during work pursuant t o this FSA, Frontier 
will suspend its work for a reasonable period of time to permit Customer to engage a qualified firm to remove and dispose of the asbestos or other toxic 
or hazardous materials from the site .  Such suspension  may result in an equitable adjustment to the charges identified in the  related Schedule , based on  
any increase in costs  incurred by  Frontier.  
b. Customer agrees to release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless Frontier from and against any damages, losses, claims, demand s or lawsuits 
arising out of or relating to the presence, removal or disposal of asbestos or any other hazardous or toxic material from the Customers premises  or location 
where Services or Equipment will be installed . 
12. Title and Risk of Loss  
a. Risk of loss or damage for Frontier Network elements installed at a Customer designated service location  shall pass to Customer at time of 
delive ry to Customer.  
b. Any Frontier Network elements or Equipment  installe d at Customers premises  or location where Services or Equipment will be installed  (which 
is leased or for which title has not transferred to Customer) remain  the personal property of Frontier or Frontiers assignee, notwithstanding that it may be 
or become attached to or embedded in realty, and upon termination of this FSA or any Schedu le (in whole or in part), all Frontier property  shall be returned 
to Frontier in the same condition as installed, normal wear and tear excepted.  Customer will not tamper with, remove or conceal any Frontier identifying 
plates, tags or labels. In the event  Frontier property is not returned to Frontier in accordance  with this Section , Customer will be billed for and pay to 
Frontier an amount equal to the retail value of the Frontier property , except to the extent such failure is caused by  the negligence or willful misconduct of 
Frontier or its agents.   
13. Competition  
Customer recognizes the availability of competitive alternatives for receiving the Services and Equipment provided under this FSA, and has freely elected 
to enter into this FSA in order to receive the benefits it offers.  
14. Government Regulation    
To the extent that any Service(s) provided hereunder are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC ) or any state  public 
utilities commission or other regulatory agency , this FSA shall at all times be subject to changes, modifications , orders and rulings by the FCC  and/or state 
public utilities commission  or other regulatory agency.  Frontier reserves the right to su spend, modify or terminate any Service without liability where any 
statute, regulation and/or ruling, including modifications thereto, by any regulatory agency (including the FCC), legislative  body or court of competent 
jurisdiction, (i) prohibits, restric ts or otherwise prevents Frontier from furnishing such Service, or (ii) has a material negative impact on Frontiers 
performance hereunder or the benefits provided by this FSA. If provision of any Service pursuant to this FSA is subject to advance approval  of the FCC 
and/or any state public utilities commission , this FSA shall not become effective with respect to such Service until after receipt by Frontier of written notice 
of such approval.   
15. Governing Law  
This FSA shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State in which Services  or Equipment  are being provided hereunder without 
regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.  Any related litigation may be brought in any State or Federal courts of competent jurisdiction within such State.  
Customer and Frontier consent to personal jurisdiction in such courts.  
16. No Waive r 
If either party fails, at any time, to enforce any right or remedy available to it under this FSA, that failure shall not be construed to be a waiver of the right 
or remedy with respect to any other breach or failure by the other party.  
17. Severability  
A declaration by any court, or other binding legal source, that any provision of this FSA or any Sched ule is illegal and void, will not affect the legality and 
enforceability of any other provisions of this FSA, unless the provisions are mutually dependent.  
18. Notice    
All notices provided pursuant to this FSA will be in writing and delivered by registered or certified US Mail, postage prepaid, or by commercial overnight 
delivery service, or by facsimile, or by regular mail and shall be deemed delivered either on the date of return receipt ackn owledgment (in th e case of 
certified US Mail), or on the next day after the sending of the notice if sent overnight mail, or three (3) days after mailin g if by regular mail to the address 
of the party designated to receive such notice.  
19. Independent Relatio nship   
Ver. 04252022    
Each party  understands and agrees that it and its personnel are not employees of the other party, and that each party is an independent contractor 
hereunder for all purposes and at all times.   
20. Dispute Resolution  
Except as otherwise specifically provided in or permitted by this FSA, all disputes arising in connection with this FSA shall first be resolved through good 
faith negotiation.  If, after negotiating in good faith for a period of ninety  (90) calendar days  or any agreed further period, the parties are unable to resolve 
the dispute, then each party  may seek resolution by exercising any rights or remedies available at law or in equity.  Customer and Frontier agree that each  
may only bring claims against the other in an individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, representative, or private 
attorney general proceeding.  
21. Authorization and Entire Agreement  
Each party  represents that the person executing  this FSA is authorized to enter into this FSA on its behalf. This FSA and any Schedule s executed by the 
parties constitute  the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior oral and written pr oposals, 
corresp ondence and memoranda with respect thereto. This FSA may not be modified, amended or supplemented except by written agreement signed by 
an authoriz ed representative of eac h party.  Notwithstanding anything otherwise stated, a Customer purchase order documen t (whether signed by one or 
both parties) shall be construed solely as evidence of Customers internal business processes, and the terms and conditions c ontained thereon shall be 
void and of no effect or application toward this FSA. 
Frontier Communications of America, Inc.  
 Southeastern Paper Group  
Signature:  {{Sig2_es_:signer2:signature}}  Signature:  {{Sig1_es_:signer1:signature}}  
Printed Name:  {{Name2_es_:signer2:fullname}}  Printed Name:  {{Name1_es_:signer1:fullname}}  
Title:  {{Ttl2_es_:signer2:title}}  Title:  {{Ttl1_es_:signer1:title}}  
Date:  {{Dte2_es_:signer2:date}}  Date:  {{Dte1_es_:signer1:date}}  
Contractual 
Notice:  Frontier Communications  
111 Field Street  
Rochester, NY 14620  
Attn: Legal Department   Contractual 
Notice:  7080 Havertys Way, Lakeland, Florida, 
33805  
Attn:  Legal Department  
6/28/2023
Robyn Conner
Regional Controller