© 2022 Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. All Rights Reserved.**Note: Please see the contract schedule for the included IP block size for DIA Orders.Circuit Hand Off/IP Topology Options – Customer Facing Interface/Port
Hand Off:  Copper RJ45     IP Topology:  WAN/LAN
Default Hand Off: Copper RJ45  Default IP Topology: FLAT LAN
Default Hand Off: Single Mode Fiber Default IP Topology: FLAT LAN
Default Hand Off:  Copper RJ45  IP Topology Does Not ApplyCustom Hand Off/IP Topology Selection Required
Custom Hand Off/IP Topology Selection Required
Custom Hand Off Selection Required:If a customer needs a fiber hand off, they will need to source and install their own media converterDIA Order – With a Frontier Router  - Hand off/IP Topology is fixed as shown
DIA Order 5M to 1G – Without a Frontier Router – Please Make Your Selections
DIA Order 2G to 10G – Without a Frontier Router – Please Make Your Selections
EPL/EVPL/ELAN Order (All Endpoints or use Note to specify per site) A
B
C
DEquipment Interface/Hand off
Equipment Interface/Hand off
Equipment Interface/Hand off:Static IP Topology
Static IP Topology
Provide Detail Here if a mix of hand off options is required at specific endpoints:Technical
Selections
Form
Customer Name: Service Address:
2
© 2022 Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. All Rights Reserved.5. Call Failover destination:
• All calls would failover to this number when the Frontier SIP device cant be reached.
• If the field is left blank, we will assume no call failover destination is needed. You will also be able to adjust 
this on a per DID level using the SIP configuration portal post installation. The Order PM will provide more 
details on the portal and can assist with failover configuration.2. We need to know how many digitis we should send to the customer for inbound calls.
**10 is the most common option, and the inbound digits are used by the customers PBX to map the call to the correct extension.1. Desired Main 911 Number:
The main number will resolve the address on file for the location.
** If you do not have a number yet, this could be the selected during the order process when DIDs are assigned.
911 Notes :
The 911 requirements differ by area and location, so the customer is responsible to determine what their setup 
needs to be. If the customer has other needs such as ELIN/ERL or PS/ALI we need to know that now.
Additional fees apply for those other services and PS/ALI is not available in all areas.
3. SIP Services will be handed off via a Copper RJ45 connector.
• If a PRI hand off was requested, then that type of interface will be provided.
• If an Analog hand off was requested, then we will provide a 66 block/punch down or similar.
4.1   If yes, which option below?
Allow 1+ international dialing (only 1+ international Dialing/Calling permitted)
Allow 011 international dialing (only 011 international Dialing/Calling permitted)
Allow both 1+ and 011 international dialing (both 1+ and 011 international Dialing/Calling permitted)4. International dialing: SIP Order  Configuration questions/Notes: E
* These settings are not able to be changed once the order is placed,  please confirm with customer prior to ordering. If you need help with this 
settings, a Solutions Engineer can provide assitance.
Agent Name:Agent Acknowledgement; by checking this box, I confirm that I have reviewed this information with the customer
Date:No Yes
This form requires use of the full Adobe Acrobat program (latest version) and may not work using a PDF browser plug in.