Ver. 04252022 _EVPL_EIA_TPA_Vlocity  v. 11 10-2022  Page 1                        
This is Schedule Number S -5550092304 to the Frontier Services Agreement dated 05/25/2023  (FSA) by and b etween Southeastern Paper Group 
(Customer) and Frontier Communications of America, Inc. on behalf of itself and its affiliates  (Frontier).  Customer orders and Frontier agrees to 
provide the Services and Equipment identified in the Schedule below.      
  Schedule Date:  05/25/2023  
Schedule Type/Purpose:  DIA Schedule_02012021  Service Term:          36 Months  
Service Location: 7080 Havertys Way, Lakeland, FL  338051413  
Ethernet Service Description  Quantity  MRC  NRC  
DIA (Dedicated Internet Access)  
Silver   100 Mbps      1 $800.00  $0.00  
IP 
   /29 = 5 IPs     1 $0.00  $0.00  
Total:   $800.00  $0.00  
1. Service Description :  
a. Dedicated Internet Access  (DIA) DIA is a dedicated bandwidth from Customer Service Location to the Frontier IP network then to the public 
Internet which provides reliable, secure and scalable bandwidth.    Physical termination shall conform to applicable rules and regulations with respect to 
Minimum point of entry (MPOE) and demarcation point. If Customer requests extensions beyond th e MPOE, such extension (s) shall be subject to 
Frontiers cabling service policies and Frontiers charges related thereto per separate Frontier Cabling Service and Fee Sche dule.  
2. Pre-installation cancellation fees, FOC Notice and Special Construction . 
a. Pre-installation cancellation fees . Notwithstanding any provision of the FSA: (1) If Customer cancels any Service or Equipment prior to delivery of any 
Equipment or installation of the Service or Equipment, Customer shall pay a processing fee of $750 (the Processing Fee) and  (2) Frontier w ill provide 
Customer with notice (the FOC Notice) of the project completion date (the FOC Date) as soon as possible in light of the r equested services and customers 
location. If Customer cancels more than ten (10) business days after the issuance of t he FOC Notice, Customer shall pay the Processing Fee and the total 
costs and expenditures of Frontier in connection with establishing the Service and / or providing the Equipment prior to Fron tiers receipt of notice of 
cancellation including but not limit ed to any construction and engineering costs and Equipment restocking fees.   
b. Special Construction :  All Services are subject to availability and Frontier Network limitations. The rates identified in this Schedule are estimate d based 
on standard installati on costs and Services may not be available at all service locations at the rates identified.    If Frontier determines, in its reasonable 
discretion, that the costs of provisioning Service to any service location are materially higher than normal, Frontier will notify Customer of the additional costs 
associated with provision of the Services and request Customers acceptance of such costs as a condition to proceeding (Spec ial Construction).   Upon 
notification that Special Construction is required, Customer  will have ten (10) business days to notify Frontier of its acceptance. If the Customer does not 
agree to the Special Construction within ten (10) business days, the Customer shall be deemed to have cancelled the Service S chedule without further 
liability.   If the Customer agrees to the Special Construction, Frontier and Customer will execute a replacement Schedule.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Customer shall not be required to pay construction, engineering and Processing Fees if the cancellation is with in ten (10) business days of receipt of 
Frontiers notification of additional special construction and engineering costs pursuant to this Service Schedule.  
3. Obligations of Customer . Customer is responsible to ensure appropriate processes and protocols are in place for rate shaping to the amount of 
throughput ordered.  Customer acknowledges that failure to comply with this responsibility may negatively impact Service performance.  
4. After Hours/Holiday Labor Hours .  If Customer desires coordinated turn up services (After Hours) during non -business hours, defined below, then the 
After Hours services shall be provided at the rate of $175.00 per hour.  Non -business hours include: (1) weeknights between the hours of 5:00 p.m. and 
7:59 a.m.  local time; (2) weekends, including Saturday and/or Sunday and (3) the Frontier designated holidays (New Years Day, Martin L uther King Day, 
Presidents Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day).  
Ver. 04252022 _EVPL_EIA_TPA_Vlocity  v. 11 10-2022  Page 2                        
Such After Hours services may be subject to change, based upon Frontiers reasonable determination of increases in actual cost s to provide such After 
Hours services, determined in accordance with generally accepted commercial accounting practices, and consi stent with After Hours service charges for 
projects comparable to the project outlined in this Schedule.  
5. Internet Acceptable Use Policy and Security . Customer shall comply, and shall cause all Service users to comply, with Frontiers Acceptable Use 
Policy (AUP ), which Frontier may modify at any time.  The current AUP is available for review at the following address, subject to chang e: 
http://www.frontier.com/policies/commercial_aup/ . Customer is responsible for maintaining awareness of the current AUP and adhering to the AUP as it may 
be amended from time to time.  Failure to comply with the AUP is grounds for immediate suspension or termination of Frontier Internet Service, 
notwiths tanding any notice requirement provisions of the FSA. Customer is responsible for the security of its own networks, equipment , hardware, software 
and software applications.  Abuse that occurs as a result of Customers systems or account being compromised o r as a result of activities of third parties 
permitted by Customer may result in suspension of Customers accounts or Internet access by Frontier.  Customer will defend a nd indemnify Frontier and 
its affiliates with respect to claims arising from Customer s or third parties usage of Frontier Internet access through Customers hardware or software.  
6.  Producer Price Index Adjustment .  Unless otherwise prohibited by tariff, regulation or applicable law, Frontier shall, once per year in July, increase the 
above MRC  for each service by the annual increase in the Producer Price Index for Total Final Demand as published by the U.S. Bureau of  Labor Statistics 
(PPI -FD). The adjustment will be based on the percentage increase, if any, in PPI -FD for the most recent  yearly period ending April 30th compared to the 
prior 12 month period ending April 30th and shall not exceed 9.5% in any year.   The increase, if any, will be reflected as either an increase in the base MRC 
or as a separately stated item and occur for the first time in July of the calendar year after service installation  
7. Service Level Agreement . 
The Ethernet Service Level Agreement for the described Ethernet Services is attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibi t 1. 
This Schedule is not effective and pricing, dates and terms are subject to change until signed by both parties.  This Schedul e and any of the provisions 
hereof may not be modified in any manner except by mutual written agreement.  The above rates do not in clude any taxes, fees , regulatory fees/surcharges 
or surcharges applicable to the Service. This Schedule, and all terms and conditions of the FSA, is the entire agreement betw een the parties with respect 
to the Services described herein, and supersedes any  and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, statements, negotiations, and 
undertakings written or oral with respect to the subject matter hereof.  
Frontier Communications of America, Inc.  
 Southeastern Paper Group  
Signature:  {{Sig2_es_:signer2:signature}}  Signature:  {{Sig1_es_:signer1:signature}}  
Printed Name:  Michelle Martin  Printed 
Name:  {{Name1_es_:signer1:fullname}}  
Title:  Sr. Manager Sales Support  Title:  {{Ttl1_es_:signer1:title}}  
Date:  {{Dte2_es_:signer2:date}}  Date:  {{Dte1_es_:signer1:date}}  
Robyn Conner
6/28/2023Regional Controller
Ver. 04252022 _EVPL_EIA_TPA_Vlocity  v. 11 10-2022  Page 3                        
EXHIBIT 1  
EVPL AND DIA SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT  
This Ethernet Service Level Agreement (SLA)  applies to Ethernet Services ordered pursuant to an EVPL Ethernet Virtual Private Line (EVPL) 
Dedicated Internet Access ( DIA) executed by and b etween Southeastern Paper Group  (Customer) and Frontier Communications of America, Inc.  
(Frontier). The term s of this SLA apply exclusively to the Ethernet network elements directly within Frontiers management responsibility and con trol 
(EVPL/ DIA Service, or where specifically designated EVPL Service).  
1. Operational Objectives  
a. On Time Provisioning : The objective for On -Time Provisioning for On -Net Services, where available, ( specifically, qualified Tampa operating 
area), is determined from (a) the date the order is submitted and approved into the Frontier ordering system (by Frontier) t o (b) successful 
testing by Frontier, within 30 calendar days.  Customer must contact Frontiers dedicated phone number (1 -800-921-8002) within 30 days 
of objective target date.  If Frontiers failure to meet the On Time Provisioning objective is validated , Customer will receive a one month 
MRC credit (taxes, fees and surcharges are excluded).  The Customer credit will appear within two (2) billing cycles from the  time of credit 
validation.  The On -Time Provisioning objective excludes bandwidths of 1G to 10 0G On -Net Service or Customer requested non -standard 
bandwidth speeds.  The On -Time Provisioning credit is also subject to Sections 3 and 4 below, as applicable.   Customer is required to 
provide (i) suitable building facilities (including but not limited to space, circuitry, power, backup power, and surge protectors) for the 
installation, operation, and maintenance of Frontiers Network in accordance with manufacturers documentation and Frontiers  installation 
standards, and (ii) a well -lighted and safe w orking area that complies with all local safety standards and regulations.  
b. Circuit Availability : Circuit Availability  is the ability to 
exchange data packets with the nearest Frontier Internet 
Point of Presence (POP) or DIA Customer egress port (Z 
location) via the ingress port (A location). Service Outage 
occurs when packet transport is unavailable or wh en the 
output signal is outside the limits of this service guarantee.  
Availability is measured by the number of minutes during a 
calendar month that the On -Net Service is operational, 
divided by the total minutes in that calendar month. 
Calculation is bas ed on the stop -clock method beginning at 
the date and time of the Customer -initiated trouble ticket and 
ends when Frontier restores SLA -compliant circuit operation. 
Frontiers On -Net Service Availability commitment and applicable Service credit are outline d in Table 1A , subject to Sections 3 and 4 below . 
c. Mean Time to Repair (MTTR) : MTTR is a monthly calculation of the 
average duration of time between Trouble Ticket initiation (in accordance 
with Section 2B) and Frontiers reinstatement of the DIA Service to meet 
the Availability performance objective.  The MTTR objectives, and cred its 
applicable to a failure to meet such objectives, are outlined in Table 1B , 
subject to Sections 3 and 4 below .  
2. Service Outage Reporting Procedure.  
a. Frontier will maintain a point -of-contact for Customer to report a Service Outage, twenty -four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week.  
b. When EVPL/DIA Service is impacted from a Service Outage, Customer must contact Frontiers commercial customer support center (also 
known as the NOC) at 1 -(888) 637 -9620 to identify the Service Outage a nd initiate an investigation of the cause (Trouble Ticket). 
Responsibility for Trouble Ticket initiation rests solely with Customer. Once the Trouble Ticket has been opened, the appropr iate Frontier 
departments will initiate diagnostic testing and isolat ion activities to determine the source. In the event of a Service Outage, Frontier and 
Customer will cooperate to restore the Service. If the cause of a Service Outage is a failure of Frontiers equipment or faci lities, Frontier 
will be responsible for the  repair. If the degradation is caused by a factor outside the control of Frontier, Frontier will cooperate with Customer 
to conduct testing and repair activities at Customers cost and at Frontiers, then current, standard technician rates.  
c. A Service Outag e begins when a Trouble Ticket is initiated and ends when the affected EVPL/DIA Service is Available; provided that if the 
Customer reports a problem with a Service but declines to allow Frontier access for testing and repair, the Service will be c onsidere d to be 
impaired, but will not be deemed a Service Outage subject to these terms.  
d. If Frontier dispatches a field technician to perform diagnostic troubleshooting and the failure was caused by the acts or omi ssions of 
Customer or its employees, affiliates, contractors, agents, representatives or invitees; then Customer will pay Frontier for all related time 
and material costs at Frontier's standard rates.  
 Table 1A: Dedicated Internet Access  
Circuit Availability (CA)  MRC Service 
Credit  
Availability  99.99%   
Below 99.99% 
Service 
Credit 
30% 
MRC  
Table 1B: Dedicated  Internet Access  
Mean Time To Repair  MRC Service Credit  
MTTR  4 Hours  25 % MRC above 4 hrs  
50% MRC above 6 hrs.  
Ver. 04252022 _EVPL_EIA_TPA_Vlocity  v. 11 10-2022  Page 4                        
3. Credit Request and Eligibility.  
a. In the event of a Service Outage, Customer may be entitled to a credit against the applicable On -Net  Service MRC if (i) Customer initiated a 
Trouble Ticket; (ii) the Service Outage was caused by a failure of Frontiers equipment, facilities or personnel; (iii) the S ervice Outage warrants a 
credit based on the terms of Sectio n 1; and (iv) Customer requests the credit within thirty (30) days of last day of the calendar month in which the 
Service Outage occurred.  
b. Credits do not apply to Service Outages caused, in whole or in part, by one or more of the following: (i) the acts or  omissions of Customer or its 
employees, affiliates, contractors, agents, representatives or invitees; (ii) failure of power; (iii) the failure or malfunct ion of non -Frontier equipment 
or systems; (iv) circumstances or causes beyond the control of Frontier  or its representatives; (v) a Planned Service Interruption; (vi) Emergency 
Maintenance or (vii) interruptions resulting form Force Majeure events as defined in Customers FSA. In addition, Customer wi ll not be issued 
credits for a Service Outage during an y period in which Frontier is not provided with access to the Service location or any Frontier network 
element, or while Customer is testing and/or verifying that the problem has been resolved. Planned Service Interruption mea ns any Service 
Outage caused  by scheduled maintenance, planned enhancements or upgrades to the Frontier network; provided that Frontier will endeavor to 
provide at least five (5) business days notice prior to any such activity if it will impact the Services provided to Custome r. Em ergency 
Maintenance means maintenance which, if not performed promptly, could result in a serious degradation or loss of service ove r the Frontier 
network.  
c. Except for the On -Time Provisioning credit (if applicable), all credit allowances will be limited t o maximum of 50% of the MRC for the 
impacted EVPL/DIA Service, per month. For cascading failures, only the primary or causal failure is used in determining Servi ce Outage 
and associated consequences. Only one service level component metric can be used for determining credits for a Service Outage. In the 
event of the failure of the Service to meet multiple metrics in a one -month period, the highest Service credit will apply, not the sum of 
multiple Service credits.   For example, If Customers Service Outage  triggers both operational objectives (i.e. Circuit Availability and Mean 
Time to Repair), Customer will receive the highest available Service Credit, but not both.  
d. This SLA guarantees service performance of Frontiers Ethernet data services only. This SLA  does not cover TDM services [DS1, NxDS1, 
or DS3 services] or other voice or data services provided by Frontier. This SLA does not apply to services provided over thir d party non -
partner facilities, through a carrier hotel, or over Frontier facilities whic h terminate through a meet point circuit with a third party non -partner 
carrier.  
e. The final determination of whether Frontier has or has not met SLA metrics will be based on Frontiers methodology for assess ment of 
compliant performance. Service Outage credits are calculated based on the duration of the Service Outage, regardless of whether such 
Service Outage is the result of failure of the Service to meet one or more performance metric.  
f. Credit allowances, if any, will be deducted from the charge s payable by Customer hereunder and will be expressly indicated on a 
subsequent bill to Customer. Credits provided pursuant to this SLA shall be Customers sole remedy with regard to Service Out ages.  
4. Chronic Outage : An individual EVPL/DIA Service qualifie s for Chronic Outage status if such service fails to meet the Availability objectives, 
and one or more of the following: (a) a single Trouble Ticket extends for longer than 24 hours, (b) more than 3 Trouble Ticke ts extend for more 
than 8 hours, during a rolling 6 month period, or (c) 15 separate Trouble Tickets of any duration within a calendar month.  If an EVPL/DIA Service 
reaches Chronic Outage status, then Customer may terminate the affected EVPL/DIA Service without penalty; provided that Custo mer mus t 
exercise such right within ten (10) days of the EVPL/DIA Service reaching Chronic Outage status and provide a minimum of 15 d ays prior written 
notice to Frontier of the intent to exercise such termination right.