COMCAST ENTERPRISE SERVICES
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (MSA)
MSA Term:60 months | Account Name: Select Medical Corporation
CUSTOMER INFORMATION
This Master Service Agreement ("Agreement") sets forth the terms and conditions under which Comcast Cable Communications
Management, LLC and its operating affiliates (Comcast) will provide communications and other services (Services) to the
above Customer. The Agreement consists of this fully executed Master Service Agreement Cover Page (Cover Page), the
Enterprise Services General Terms and Conditions (General Terms and Conditions), any written amendments to the
Agreement executed by both parties ("Amendments"), the Product-Specific Attachment for the applicable Services ("PSA(s)")
and each Sales Order accepted hereunder (Sales Orders"). In the event of any inconsistency among these documents,
precedence will be as follows: (1) this Cover Page (2) General Terms and Conditions, (3) PSA(s), , and (4) Sales Orders. This
Agreement shall be legally binding when signed by both parties and shall continue in effect until the expiration date of any
Service Term specified in a Sales Order referencing the Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the
Agreement.
MSA ID#: PA-4347055-ahadd
Email: pfinkbeiner@selectmedical.com
The Customer referenced above may submit Sales Orders to Comcast during the Term of this Agreement (MSA Term). After
the expiration of the initial MSA Term, Comcast may continue to accept Sales Orders from Customer under the Agreement, or
require the parties to execute a new MSA.
The Agreement shall terminate in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions. The General Terms and Conditions and
PSAs are located at http://business.comcast.com/enterprise-terms-of-service/index.aspx(or any successor URL).Use of the
Services is also subject to the High-Speed Internet for Business Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP") located at
http://business.comcast.com/customer-notifications/acceptable-use-policy (or any successor URL), and the High-Speed Internet
for Business Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy") located at http://business.comcast.com/customer-notifications/customer-privacy-
statement (or any successor URL). Comcast may update the General Terms and Conditions, PSAs, AUP and Privacy Policy
from time to time upon posting to the Comcast website.
Services are only available to commercial customers in wired and serviceable areas in participating Comcast systems (and may
not be transferred). Minimum Service Terms are required for most Services and early termination fees may apply. Service
Terms are identified in each Sales Orders, and early termination fees are identified in the applicable Product Specific
Attachments.
BY SIGNING BELOW, CUSTOMER AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
representative)
Signature:
Name:
Title: Vice Aresi'dat 2 T
COMCAST USE ONLY (by authorized representative)
Signature: Sales Rep: Andrea Haddow-SP.
Division: All Divisions