© 2023 Frontier Communications Parent, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Conduit Requirements:
Cable Extensions:Frontier build pricing is structured to the existing minimum point of entry (MPOE) /Demarc or the Right Of 
Way at the edge of Customers property; if the MPOE/Demarc (more, specifically the required facilities) do not 
exist, Customer shall be responsible, at its own expense, to provide external and/or internal conduit required on 
private property for Frontier cable placement. For existing conduit to be usable, it must be empty of cables that 
have working circuits and the available space inside needs to meet Frontier standards. Any other path or cable 
installation adjustments(i.e., aerial delivery) must be confirmed and approved by the order site walk engineer.
Frontier does NOT provide cabling or demarc extensions; we deliver to the designated demarc/MPOE only. The 
customer must extend from that location as needed. The customer should review their site in advance to determine 
where the MPOE is and what their cable extension cost will be. This is especially critical in multi-tenant buildings. 
The circuit hand off selection may be impacted based on the distance from MPOE to where the customers 
equipment is. The only exception is for products that may include some level of site cabling as part of the approved 
Frontier offering. See graphic below for details.
Customer Provided ConduitCustomer Provided
Demarc Extension CableCustomer Building
Frontier cable
Frontier NIDCustomer
Equipment
Building MPOEOfficeOfficeDoor
Office
Conference 
room
CubliclesOfficeIT Closet
If you need assistance or have questions on these topics, please ask to be put in touch with a Solutions Engineer.The cable needed for this extensions must be provided/installed by the customer.
The path/conduit from the edge of the property to the MPOE must be provided by the customer. 
Frontier will not physically build into or on private property.
**Moving the Frontier NID from the MPOE is not supported. To do so requires and ICB request and is 
considered creating a NEW MPOE (Standard pricing does not apply).Road
Right Way
Property Edge Outline
Customer Signature: Date:
This form requires use of the full Adobe Acrobat program (latest version) and may not work using a PDF browser plug in. Customer
Conduit
Agreement
6/26/2023