Account Name MSA ID Date Generated
Johnston Paper Inc. VA-30929793-cnacc 11/22/2023
Date: Email:  bspeer@forgeos.co Zip Code:  23005
This Comcast Enterprise Services Master Services Agreement ("Agreement" or MSA) sets forth the terms and conditions under which 
Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC and its operating affiliates ("Comcast") will provide communications and other services 
("Services") to the above customer (Customer) and is effective as of the date of Customers signature below (the Effective Date). The 
Agreement consists of this Master Service Agreement Cover Page executed by Customer (this "Cover Page"), the Comcast Enterprise 
Services General Terms and Conditions ("General Terms and Conditions"), any written amendments to the Agreement executed by both 
parties ("Amendments"), each Product-Specific Attachment for the applicable Services ("PSA(s)") and each Sales Order accepted by 
Comcast hereunder ("Sales Orders"). In the event of any inconsistency among these documents, the order of precedence will be as follows: 
(1) Amendments (if any), (2) this Cover Page, (3) PSA(s), (4) General Terms and Conditions and (5) Sales Orders. This Agreement shall be 
legally binding when signed by Customer and shall continue in effect until the expiration date of any Service Term specified in a Sales Order 
referencing the Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the Agreement.
Customer may submit Sales Orders to Comcast during the term of this Agreement ("MSA Term"). After the expiration of the initial MSA 
Term, Comcast may continue to accept Sales Orders from Customer under the Agreement, or require the parties to execute a new MSA.
The Agreement shall terminate in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions. The General Terms and Conditions and PSAs are 
located at https://business.comcast.com/terms-conditions-ent. Use of the Services is also subject to the then-current Acceptable Use Policy 
for High-Speed Internet Services (the "AUP") located at https://business.comcast.com/customer-notifications/acceptable-use-policy (or any 
successor URL), and the then-current Privacy Statement (the Privacy Policy") located at https://business.comcast.com/privacy-
statement_new (or any successor URL). Comcast may update the General Terms and Conditions, PSAs, AUP and Privacy Policy from time 
to time upon posting to the Comcast website.
Services are only available to commercial customers in serviceable areas.  Services may not be transferred without the prior written consent 
of Comcast as set forth in more details in the General Terms and Conditions. Minimum Service Terms are required for most Services and 
early termination fees may apply. Service Terms are identified in each Sales Orders, and early termination fees are identified in the 
applicable PSAs.
BY SIGNING BELOW, CUSTOMER AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
CUSTOMER (by authorized representative)
Signature:
Name: 
Title: Phone:  856-505-4893 Address 2:   BLDG B
Cell: City:  Ashland
Fax:  856-222-0832 State:  VATitle:  Team Lead, Voice Connectivity Address 1:  12075 Harley Club Dr MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (MSA)COMCAST ENTERPRISE SERVICES
MSA Term:  60 Months
CUSTOMER INFORMATION
Primary Contact:   Beth Speer Primary Contact Address Information
11/24/2023Dave Colbert
IT Director
Michael Mazza
VP, CB Sales Enablement
11/27/2023