NOTE REGARDING USE OF THIS DOCUMENT : These Global Terms 
and Conditions (including any Exhibits) ( GTCs ) are intended to be 
incorporated into country -specific master country agreements ( MCAs ), 
and neither Licensed Space nor Services may be ordered in a country 
until the applicable MCA which incorporates these GTCs is fully executed.   
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
 Agreement Number:  00238344.0  
ATTACHMENT TO MASTER COUNTRY AGREEMENT  
GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
1. ORDERING AND PROVISION OF LICENSED SPACE AND SERVICES  
a. Customer may request Licensed Space and Services from Equinix by placing an Order. Customer will use the Customer 
Portal to designate those Authorized Persons who are permitted to place Orders. Once an Order is accepted, Equinix will provi de 
such ordered L icensed Space and Services to Customer in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with the 
Agreement, including the Equinix Colocation Service Description and Service Level Agreement attached hereto in Exhibit A. 
Customer shall be jointly and s everally liable for the performance under the Agreement (including Orders) of and for the acts 
and for the omissions of its Affiliates.  Where a Customer Affiliate is the signatory to an Order that takes effect pursuant to the 
Agreement, the Affiliate shal l be considered the Customer for the purposes of such Order.  The Customer shall give prompt 
written notice to Equinix when a Customer Affiliate which is a party to an Order is divested, such that it is no longer an Af filiate 
of the Customer ( Divested Ent ity).  In the case of the Divested Entity, the Order(s) with the Divested Entity will form a separate 
contract between the signatories of that Order incorporating the terms of the Agreement that are in force on the date on whic h 
the Divested Entity ceased to be  an Affiliate of the Customer.  The Divested Entity must agree in writing to be bound by the 
terms of the Agreement that are in force on the date on which the Divested Entity ceased to be an Affiliate of the Customer. For 
any Order for Services not c overed by Exhibit A, additional Product Policies shall apply.  
b. The Parties will comply with the Policies. Equinix may modify the Policies from time to time effective upon notice. If 
Equinix modifies a Policy in a way that materially impacts Customers use of the Licensed Space or the Services, Customer may 
terminate the affected Licensed Space or Services within ten (10) days from the date of Equinixs notice.  
2. PAYMENT AND TAXES  
a. Fees will be listed on Orders or, if not so listed such as in Phone Orders, will be subject to Equinixs then -current list 
price. Fees  will accrue from the Effective Date of the Order. Once accepted, the Order cannot be cancelled except in accordance 
with the Agreement  and Customer is obligated to pay the Fees for the full term of the Order  unless such termination is due to 
non-performance or breach by Equinix.  Equinix will invoice monthly in advance for all recurring Fees and in arrears for usage -
based or non-recurring Fees.  
b. In addition to the Fees , Customer will pay: (i) Taxes related to its activities and the ownership and operation of 
Customers Equipment; and (ii) Taxes imposed, levied or assessed by any governmental or other authorities. If Customer is 
required to make any deduction, withholding or payment for Taxes in any jurisdiction on amounts payable to Equinix, such 
amounts will be increased such that after making such deduction, Equinix receives an amount equal to what it would have 
received if such deduction, withholding or payment had not been made.  
c. If Customer requires a purchase order (" CPO ") in order to process payment of an invoice, Equinix will reasonably 
cooperate with Customer to support its CPO requirement. Before placing an Order, Customer will: (i) inform Equinix of its CPO  
requirements and provide an accurate and complete CPO; and ( ii) maintain sufficient funds in a CPO to pay the Fees for current 
and future Orders. Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Customers CPO requirements will not serve as a basis for any 
delay in paying invoice s when due, nor will the terms of any CPO modify the terms of the Agreement or any Order.  
d. Customer will pay  in full  all invoices  (excluding Disputed Amounts)  from Equinix in the currency stipulated in the Order 
thirty (30) days from the receipt of the date  of invoice. Customer may, in good faith, dispute an invoice or any part thereof (a 
Disputed Amount ) by submitting a written notice of such dispute along with reasonable supporting documentation within 
ninety (90) days of the date of the initial invoice on which the Disputed Amount appears, failing which Customer waives all r ights 
to dispute such Dispu ted Amount and to file any claim. The Parties will work together in good faith to resolve the Disputed 
Amount within thirty (30) days after receipt of Customers notice.  
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
3. IBX CENTER ACCESS AND USE   
a. Subject to the terms of the Agreement, Customer will have access to the Licensed Space twenty -four (24) hours per 
day, every day of the year. Customer will ensure that it and all Authorized Persons and Associated Entities that have access to 
an IBX Center will comply with the IBX Policies. Customer will maintain the legal right and authority (including applicable 
regulatory approvals or third -party consents) to install, operate, maintain and repair Customers Equipment.  
b. Customer may sublicense its Licensed Space to a Sublicensee provided that: (i) the terms of such sublicense will be 
no less restrictive than the Agreement; (ii) Customer will not act or purport to act on behalf of Equinix or any landlord of Equinix; 
(iii) Customer will require the Sublicensee to abide by the Agreement and the applicable Policies; and (iv) Equinix shall not be 
deemed to have any obligations to any Sublicensee. No Sublicensee shall further sublicense any Licensed Space. 
Notwithstanding any su blicensing, Customer remains responsible to Equinix for the performance of all obligations under the 
Agreement including the payment of all amounts owed under the Agreement.  
c. Customer will designate those Authorized Persons who are permitted to access the Licensed Space on Customers 
behalf, as set forth in the Customer Portal. Customer will at all times maintain an accurate and current list of its Authoriz ed 
Persons as set for th in the Customer Portal. Customer will be responsible and liable for all acts or omissions of Customers 
Authorized Persons, Associated Entities and for any equipment or services not provided by Equinix. Customer will indemnify, 
defend and hold harmless Equinix and its Affiliates, owners, officers, directors, employees, and agents of Equinix from and 
against any and all liability, loss, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) for thir d-
party claims brought by, arisi ng from or related to Customers Authorized Persons or Associated Entities.  
d. The Agreement is subject and subordinate to any applicable IBX Center leases. The Agreement is not a lease of any 
real or personal property or a grant of any other real property interest. Customer agrees that for Licensed Space and Service s 
provided in: (i ) a common law jurisdiction, Customer is granted a license to use the Licensed Space in accordance with the 
Agreement ; and (ii) a civil law jurisdiction, the Licensed Space is made available and Customer is granted permission to access 
and use the Licensed  Space in accordance with the Agreement. Customers Equipment are not fixtures or fittings and Customer 
retains title to Customers Equipment. Equinix retains title to all parts and materials used or provided by Equinix in provid ing the 
Licensed Space and the performance of the Services.  
e. Customer (including its Authorized Persons) shall not cause or create a situation which causes a threat to safety 
(including any risk of fire or other hazard) and shall ensure that Customers Equipment does not mechanically or electrically  
interfere with E quinixs operation or maintenance of the IBX Center or with any other customers use thereof (each an 
Interference ). Equinix will promptly contact Customer upon the discovery of an Interference and Customer must promptly (not 
to exceed one (1) hour): (a)  either cease such Interference or provide a plan reasonably acceptable to Equinix to cease such 
Interference; or (b) authorize Equinix to take action to cease such Interference (billed at Smart Hands rates). If Customer f ails 
to promptly take one of the f oregoing actions, then Equinix may take all reasonable steps to remedy the Interference, which may 
include the suspension of Services. Equinix will promptly reverse any suspension after it is reasonably satisfied that the 
Interference has been remedied and  may charge a reinstatement fee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, 
Equinix may terminate the Agreement immediately upon written notice if: (i) Customer fails to respond and take action within 
five (5) days; or (ii) an Interference occurs more than three (3) times in any twelve (12) month period.  
4. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  
a. Equinix does not make and hereby disclaims all warranties, including but not limited to, any implied or statutory 
warranties, including the implied warranties of merchantability or satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and  
noninfringement of any third partys intellectual property rights. Further Equinix makes no guarantees, representations or 
warranties that the Licensed Space and Services will be uninterrupted, error free or completely secure. All Licensed Space an d 
Services are provided or performed on an as is, as available  basis, and Customers use of the Licensed Space and Services 
is solely at its own risk.  
b. Subject to Section 4.d., neither Party will be liable to the other Party for: (i) any indirect, incidental, special, reliance , 
punitive or consequential damages, if applicable, even if advised of the possibility of such damages; (ii) loss of profits; ( iii) loss 
of business; (iv) loss of revenues (except that Customer shall be liable for any Fees or other amounts owed to Equinix under the  
Agreement) ; and (v) any losses arising from or caused by the loss, interruption or corruption of Customer D ata.  
c. Subject to Sections 4.b. and 4.d., Equinixs total liability to Customer in the aggregate for the entire Term of the 
Agreement (regardless of whether the claims are brought during or after the Term) with respect to all claims arising from or 
related to the subject matter of the Agreement (including attorneys fees) will not exceed the total amounts paid or payable by 
Customer during the twelve (12) month period preceding the date on which the first claim arises . As a further limitation, Equinixs 
maximum liability for any claims relating to the Licensed Space and the Services offered or provided by Equinix: (i) for a no n-
recurring charge only; or (ii) as Smart Hands Services, shall not exceed the amount of the Fee for such Services provided on 
the occasion giving rise to the claim.  
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
d. Nothing in the Agreement excludes or limits a Partys liability for matters for which liability cannot be limited or excluded  
by applicable law.  
e. The limitations set forth in this Agreement will apply to all claims and causes of action, regardless of whether in contract,  
tort, strict liability or other theory. Each Party waives the right to bring a claim against the other arising out of or in a ny wa y 
relating to the Agreement after the period for commencing legal proceedings under applicable law has expired, or, if such per iod 
does not exist, more than one (1) year after the date of the event giving rise to such claim. Each Party recognizes and agree s 
that the warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability and remedy limitations in the Agreement are materially bargained for by the 
Parties.  
5. INSURANCE  
a. Each Party agrees to purchase and maintain, or cause to be purchased and maintained, the following insurance during 
the Term, at its expense and with insurers having a minimum AM Best rating of A - VII or S&P rating of A: (i) Commercial General 
Liability or  Public Liability Insurance with limits of USD2,000,000 per occurrence and USD4,000,000 in the aggregate (or the 
local currency equivalent), provided these limits may be achieved through a combination of primary and excess policies and 
such insurance will include coverage for bodily injury and property damage; (ii) Workers Compensation and/or Employers 
Liability insurance where required by applicable law; and (iii) Special Perils or All Risk Property Insurance on a replacemen t cost 
basis covering each Par tys respective property and equipment. In addition, Equinix agrees to maintain Errors & Omissions 
(Professional Liability) and Cyber Liability insurance on a claims made basis with a limit of USD5,000,000 (or the local cu rrency 
equivalent) per claim and  in the aggregate, which Equinix will maintain throughout the Term and, provided that the coverage 
continues to be available on commercially reasonable terms, for two (2) years thereafter.  
b. Each Party: (a) will provide their certificate(s) of insurance upon request which demonstrates the insurance 
requirements above; (b) hereby waives its and its insurers rights of subrogation on all insurance referenced above; and (c) will 
endeavor to provi de prior written notice to the other Party of any non -renewal or cancellation of the policies referenced above if 
replacement coverage is not procured . Failure to maintain, or cause to be maintained, the insurance listed above does not limit 
nor change the  responsibilities of the Parties. These insurance requirements do not serve to, and should not be construed to, 
limit the Parties respective liabilities or obligations hereunder.  
6. TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION  
a. Term . The term of the Agreement commences on the MCA Effective Date and terminates on the date the last Order 
then in effect expires or is terminated ( Term ). Each Order shall remain in effect for the term set forth in the Order, unless earlier 
terminated as allowed in the Agreement or the applicable Order.  
b. Termination by Either Party . Either Party may terminate the Agreement by giving written notice to the defaulting Party 
if the defaulting Party:  
i. breaches any material term of the Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of 
such notice.  
ii. becomes, as applicable under local law, unable to pay its debts as they become due, ceases to do business, enters 
into a deed of arrangement, undergoes judicial management, commences the process of liquidation, has a receiver 
appointed or begins winding up  or similar arrangements.  
iii. is not in compliance with Sanctions Laws or is causing the other Party to be exposed to violations under Sanction 
Laws.  
c. Termination by Equinix . Notwithstanding Section 6.b., Equinix may terminate the Agreement upon ten (10) days written 
notice to Customer if Customer fails to pay Fees when due. If Customer fails to cure a payment breach, Customer will be 
responsible for all collections costs including reasonable attorneys fee s.  
d. Suspension for Non -Payment . Without limiting Equinixs rights under Sections 6.b. or 6.c., if Customer fails to cure any 
payment breach of the Agreement within ten (10) days after notice of the same (or upon written notice if Customers account i s 
past due on two (2) or more occasi ons during a six (6) month period), Equinix may suspend the provision of the Licensed Space 
and the Services and deny access to and the removal of Customers Equipment from the IBX Center.  
e. Effect of Termination . A termination of the Agreement will terminate all Orders. Customer will remove all of Customers 
Equipment from the IBX Center on or before the expiry or termination of the applicable Order. If Customer fails to remove 
Customers Equipment from the IBX C enter within ten (10) days from the termination or expiration of the Order (or within thirty 
(30) days if the Order is terminated due to Equinixs breach), Equinix may immediately remove and return Customers Equipment  
to Customer at C ustomers risk and expense. Equinix may consider Customers Equipment to be abandoned if: (i) Equinix is 
unable to make arrangements to return Customers Equipment after attempts to contact Customer or (ii) Customer fails to pay 
for the shipping costs. Wit hout limiting any available legal remedies, Equinix may, at Customers risk and expense: (i) 
immediately remove Customers Equipment and store it at an on -site or off -site location; or (ii) upon thirty (30) days prior written 
notice to Customer, dispose o f such Customers Equipment.  
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
f. Holdover . Subject to Section 6.e., while Customer has no right to use the Licensed Space or Services after an Order 
expires or terminates, if Equinix, in its sole discretion, permits Customer to do so, Customer shall remain bound by the term s of 
the Agreement, inc luding, without limitation, all payment obligations, and such continued use may be terminated by Equinix 
immediately upon written notice.  
7. CONFIDENTIALITY  
a. Neither Party will use or disclose Confidential Information of the disclosing Party without its prior written consent. Each 
Party will take all reasonable precautions to protect the other partys Confidential Information, using at least the same standard 
of care as it uses to maintain the confidentiality of its own Confidential Information.  
b. Information is not deemed Confidential Information if it: (i) is known to the receiving Party prior to receipt from the 
disclosing Party directly or indirectly from a source other than one having an obligation of confidentiality to the disclosin g Party; 
(ii) becomes known (independently of disclosure by the disclosing Party) to the receiving Party directly or indirectly from a s ource 
other than one having an obligation of confidentiality to the disclosing Party; (iii) becomes publicly known or otherwise cea ses 
to be confidential, except through a breach of the Agreement by the receiving Party; or (iv) is independently developed by th e 
receiving Party. For the avoidance of doubt, the mere placement of materials or equipment containing information at an Equini x 
location does not constitute disclosure of such information to Equinix.  
c. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the receiving Party may use or disclose Confidential Information where: (i) the disclosure 
is required by applicable law or regulation (including securities laws regarding public disclosure of business information) o r by 
an o rder of a court or other governmental body having jurisdiction after taking steps to maintain its confidentiality where 
practicable; (ii) it is reasonably necessary to be disclosed to that Partys, or its Affiliates, employees, officers, direct ors, attorn eys, 
accountants and other advisors; or (iii) it is necessary for a Party to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under  the 
Agreement. In any case, the disclosing Party shall ensure that disclosure shall not be broader than necessary,  and that the 
recipient agrees prior to receipt to keep the information confidential to the same extent as under the Agreement (except that  
such agreement need not be obtained for disclosures to a court, regulator or arbitrator).  
8. COMPLIANCE  
a. Applicable Law.  Each Party will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in connection with the Agreement.  
b. International Security Concerns.  Each Party will comply with applicable Sanctions Laws . In addition, Customer will not 
be listed on, nor owned or controlled by an entity or person which is subject to, nor located in or organized under the laws of a 
country subject to, U.S. or E.U. embargo.  
c. Anti-Money Laundering.  Each Party will comply with all applicable anti -money laundering laws. If the bank to which 
Customer remits payment ( Equinix Bank ) refuses to process a Customer payment for any reason including, but not limited to, 
a reasonable belief that Customers payment may be connected to money laundering (a  Suspicious Payment ), Customer will 
reasonably cooperate with all requests from Equinix or the Equinix Bank (e.g., requests for additional information in order t o 
process the Suspicious Payment) or remit payme nt of any outstanding balance using an alternative payment method within five 
(5) days.  
d. Operational Audit.  Customer will have the right, no more frequently than once in any consecutive twelve (12) month 
period and at Customers sole expense (including Smart Hands charges for Equinixs time), to conduct a confidential audit of 
Customers Licensed Space and the common areas of the IBX Center. Such audit will take place during normal business hours 
and on an agreed date and time, subject to reasonable postponement by Equinix. Unless otherwise agreed, the scope of the 
audit will only consist of it s Auditor visiting the IBX Center and the Auditors review of Equinixs regularly prepared records 
regarding the operation of the IBX Centers, in each case in order to verify that an IBX Center is operated in compliance with  the 
Agreement. Customer agrees that: (i) such audits shall not adversely affect other customers of Equinix or Equinix's operation of 
the IBX Center; (ii) the Auditor shall comply with Equinix's Policies during such audit; and (iii) Customer shall ensure that  its 
Auditor treats all of Eq uinixs Confidential Information which is disclosed in connection with the audit in the same manner 
Customer is required to treat such Confidential Information or signs a non -disclosure agreement with Equinix.   
e. Independent Standards.  Equinix will, throughout the term of the Agreement, conduct annual audits and certifications 
(e.g., SSAE 16/18, ISAE 3402, ISO 27001) (collectively  Certifications ) which Equinix deems appropriate, in its sole discretion 
for each of the IBX Center(s) within which Customer has Licensed Space. Certifications shall be performed by a qualified and 
licensed independent auditor selected by Equinix. The current Certificat ions are set forth on: 
https://www.equinix.com/services/data -centers -colocation/standards -compliance/ . Equinix will, upon Customers request and at 
no additional charge, provide Customer with a copy of the current Certification attestation report or certificate, as the cas e may 
be, applicable to those IBX Center(s) within which Customer has Licensed Space . Such report shall be deemed Equinixs 
Confidential Information and provided for the sole use of Customer.  
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
f. Business Contact Information.   
Customer acknowledges that Equinix and Equinix Affiliates will, by virtue of the performance of the Agreement, come into 
possession of BCI as a Data Controller (as defined under European laws and regulations or its equivalent under any local data  
protectio n and privacy laws). Customer acknowledges and agrees that Equinix and Equinix Affiliates may use, process and/or 
transfer BCI: (i) in connection with the provision of Licensed Space and Services; (ii) to incorporate BCI into databases con trolled 
by Equini x and Equinix Affiliates for the purpose of account administration, billing and reconciliation; operational maintenance 
and support activities; security, fraud detection and prevention; and, subject to BCI being previously anonymized, customer a nd 
market a nalysis and reporting; and (iii) to communicate to Customer by voice, letter, fax or email regarding products and services 
of Equinix or Equinix Affiliates. Customer may withdraw consent for the use, processing, or transfer of BCI as set out in (ii i) 
above  upon written notice to Equinix. Customer acknowledges that it has the right to access BCI upon written notice and have 
any agreed errors in such BCI rectified or deleted, or to request additional information on the use, processing, and/or trans fer of 
its BCI. 
Where BCI is to be transferred by Equinix and Equinix Affiliates from one country to another (including intra -group transfers 
to the United States or to any countries located within or outside the European Economic Area (EEA)) for the purposes set out  
abov e under this clause, Equinix shall ensure that all appropriate legitimization measures as required under applicable data 
protection and privacy laws such as: (i) the entry into appropriate inter -company data transfer agreements based on the 
European Standa rd Contractual Clauses; (ii) the implementation of Binding Corporate Rules as defined under European 
regulations; and/or (iii) equivalent means of compliance, are in place to afford such transfer of BCI an adequate level of 
protection.  
For the avoidance of doubt, Customer acknowledges that: (i) the provision by Equinix of Licensed Space and Services in 
accordance with the Agreement does not involve any access by Equinix, or use, processing, monitoring, or performance of any 
operation of,  or on, any Customer Data; and that (ii) as a result, Equinix does not act as Data Processor or Data Controller (as 
defined under European laws and regulations or its equivalent under any local data protection and privacy laws), with respect  to 
such Custom er Data, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Parties.  
Customer undertakes to inform its agents, employees or any Authorized Person of the Licensed Space and Services such 
as its consultants, contractors or partners: (i) that their BCI may be collected, used, processed and transferred by virtue o f the 
performa nce of, and in accordance with, the Agreement; and (ii) of their rights regarding the processing of their BCI in accordance 
with this clause, and where applicable.  
9. MISCELLANEOUS  
a. Notice.  Legal notices may be sent by overnight courier, email or certified or registered mail. Notices will be sent to the 
Parties at the respective addresses in the Agreement or as otherwise designated by the Parties.  
Legal:  
Select Medical Corporation  
Attn: General Counsel  
4714 Gettysburg Rd.  
Mechanicsburg, PA 17055  
IS: 
Select Medical Corporation  
Attn: C IO & EVP  
4714 Gettysburg Rd.  
Mechanicsburg, PA 17055  
b. Publicity.  Neither Party grants the other Party the right to use its trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, 
other intellectual property rights or other designations in any promotion, publication or press release without the prior wri tten 
consent of the other Party s General Counsel or equivalent  in each case.  
c. Entire Agreement.  The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject 
matter of the Agreement, and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous discussions, negotiations, proposals, 
understandings and agreements, written o r oral, but nothing in this Section shall limit or exclude a Partys liability for fraud or 
fraudulent misrepresentation.  
d. No Reliance. Each Party acknowledges that, in entering into the Agreement, it has not relied on, and shall have no right 
or remedy in respect of, any statement, representation, assurance or warranty other than as expressly set out in the Agreemen t.  
e. Execution and Amendments.  The Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (and the signature pages 
may be delivered with ink or electronic signature or by facsimile or e -mail), each will be deemed an original, but all together will 
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
constitute one and the same instrument. Except where otherwise expressly stated herein, the Agreement may be amended only 
by the written agreement of both Parties.  
f. Construction.  Each Party agrees that it has reviewed the Agreement and the Agreement shall not be interpreted more 
strictly against the drafting Party. The Section headings and captions are for convenience only and will not be used to const rue 
the Agreement. If any pro vision of the Agreement is determined by a court to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it will not affect 
the validity, legality, or enforceability of the other part(s) of the same provision or of the other provisions in the Agreem ent. 
g. Survival.  All provisions of the Agreement which can only be given proper effect upon expiration or termination of the 
Agreement, including those provisions needed to interpret the same by surviving the termination of the Agreement, shall survi ve 
the termination of the Agreement; provided, however Section 7 (Confidentiality) will survive for three (3) years after termination 
of the Agreement.  
h. Subcontracting.  Equinix may permit an Affiliate, independent contractor or other third party, to perform any of Equinixs 
obligations hereunder, provided that Equinix remains primarily liable for the performance of its obligations. Notwithstanding  the 
foregoing, the Part ies acknowledge and agree that a third party providing Equinix or its Affiliates with services such as or similar 
to the following examples are not considered to be "subcontracting of the Services in the context of this Agreement: IBX Cen ter 
security personnel; IBX Center cleaning; maintenance; utilities; internet access; custom power installations pre -cage build; 
telecommunication services between data centers; and data center fit -out works such as cage installation and structured cabling 
installation.  
i. Assignment.  Either Party may transfer the Agreement or any of its rights and obligations hereunder to an Affiliate or to 
an entity which is acquiring all or substantially all of its business or assets, with prior written notice to the other Party . Any 
assignee must a gree in writing to be bound by all of the terms of the Agreement. The Agreement will be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of all successors and permitted transferees of the Parties, who will be bound by all of the obligations of the ir 
predec essors or transferors.  
j. Force Majeure.  Except for: (i) Customers obligation to pay amounts owed under the Agreement, including Fees, and 
(ii) Equinixs obligation to invoke its business continuity and disaster recovery plan if it is affected by a Force Majeure E vent, 
neither Party will be res ponsible or in any way liable to the other Party, and neither Party will have any termination or other rights, 
arising out of or relating to a Force Majeure Event.  
k. Conflicts.  All Orders are subject to the terms of the Agreement. In the event of ambiguity, conflict or inconsistency 
among the documents comprising the Agreement, the documents shall be given a descending order of precedence as follows: 
(i) the Order; (ii) the MCA,  including any attachments and exhibits thereto, other than these GTCs; (iii) the GTCs; and (iv) the 
Policies.  
l. General.  Except where otherwise expressly stated herein, and subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4, the rights 
and remedies provided for herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies that a Party would otherwise have . 
m. Relationship.  The Parties are independent contractors, and the Agreement does not establish any relationship of 
partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency between them. Neither Party may bind the other or incur obligatio ns 
on the others behalf without  the others prior written consent.  
n. Third Parties.  There are no third -party beneficiaries to the Agreement.  
o. No Waiver.  No waiver of any breach of any provision of the Agreement will constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent 
or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver will be effective unless made in writing and 
signed by an authorized  representative of the waiving Party.  
p. MCA Construction.  Each MCA: (i) is only binding upon the MCA Signatories and not upon any other Equinix Affiliate or 
Customer Affiliate; and (ii) only governs Orders placed under that MCA. For avoidance of doubt, no other Equinix Affiliate or  
Customer Affiliate is required  to agree to any of the terms set forth in that MCA. The Equinix entity that enters into an Order with 
Customer is responsible for the provision of Licensed Space and performance of the Services therein, and no other Equinix 
Affiliate shall be jointly or s everally liable with such Equinix entity.  
q. Portability.  In certain instances, Equinix can offer Customer the ability to relocate its Licensed Space from one IBX 
Center to another IBX Center before the expiration of the term specified in the Order ( Global Portability ). Customer should 
contact Equinix if it would like more information on its Global Portability promotion, as it varies by site and is subject to  local 
availability.  
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
10. DEFINITIONS  
Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined will have the meaning ascribed to them in this Section or the 
applicable MCA.  
Affiliate:  Any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with a Party, where the term control and its correlative 
meanings, controlling, controlled by, and under common control with, means the legal, beneficial or equitable ownership , 
direct ly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate of all voting equity interests in an entity.  
Agreement:  Has the meaning given to such term in the MCA into which these GTCs are incorporated.  
Associated Entity:  Means: (i) each individual, company, partnership or other entity of any type which employs, contracts with, 
or is otherwise associated or affiliated with Customer or its Authorized Persons; (ii) any of Customers end users; and (iii) 
Sublicensees.  
Auditor:  Any of Customer, Customers third -party auditors or any regulatory examining authority having jurisdiction over 
Customer that participates in an audit described in this Agreement.  
Authorized Person:  Each person that either: (i) is included on the most recent list of persons designated by Customer to act 
on its behalf (e.g., access the IBX Center, place Orders) in accordance with Equinixs then -current form and procedures; or (ii) 
accompanies an Autho rized Person as described in (i) above while at an IBX Center, other than an Equinix employee.  
Business Contact Information  (or BCI): Business contact data (including, but not limited to, data processed in CRM 
databases and data that is set out on access lists at any IBX Center from time to time) containing personal and/or private 
information relating to business contact information (mainly first name, last name, business phone numbers, business email and 
business address) of Customer, its agents, employees or any Authorized Person of the Licensed Space and Services (including 
third-party consultan ts, contractors or partners, and Sublicensees with whom Customer has a contractual relationship) and 
whose use, processing or transfer is regulated by law or regulation as personal data.  
Confidential Information:  Non-public information disclosed between the Parties, including: (a) information identified by the 
disclosing Party, in writing or orally, as confidential at the time of disclosure; and (b) information containing the disclos ing Partys 
customer lists, cus tomer information, technical information, pricing information, financial position, trade secrets, customer 
communications or proposals, benchmarking information, satisfaction surveys, or information relating to its business plannin g 
or business operations. The terms of the Agreement are also deemed the Confidential Information of Equinix. Information about  
the operation and design of the IBX Centers (e.g., the configuration of cables, networks and services at the IBX Centers, 
equipm ent used at the IBX Centers) are the Confidential Information of Equinix.  
Cross Connect:  A physical or wireless interconnection within an IBX Center that: (i) exits Customers Licensed Space or (ii) 
connects Customer to another Equinix customer.  
Customer Data: Any data, information and other content that is loaded, stored, received, retrieved, transmitted through or 
otherwise processed by Customer as part of its use of the Licensed Space and Services . 
Customers Equipment:  All network, computer and other equipment or property provided, owned or controlled by Customer, 
Customers Affiliates, Customers Authorized Persons or Associated Entities (including wiring and connections between such 
equipment and Customers demarcatio n equipment), excluding Cross Connects or Equinixs demarcation equipment.  
Customer Portal:  A web portal which allows customers to order certain Services, monitor requests, and manage user 
permissions. The Customer Portal allows Customer to place Orders for Services (e.g., Smart Hands or additional Cross 
Connects or Power); open work visit ticke ts and schedule shipments; access standard self -service reports (e.g., user 
authorizations, install base, finance overview and pending orders), maintenance and incident notifications, and trouble ticke t 
submissions; and manage physical acce ss to the IBX Center and the Licensed Space.  
Effective Date:  For Licensed Space or a Service ordered in an Order (other than Online Orders or Phone Orders), the date 
designated in the Order as the Effective Date or if there is no date designated in the Order, then the date on which the Lice nsed 
Space is provided or  the Service is delivered. For Licensed Space or a Service ordered in an Online Order or Phone Order, the 
date Equinix begins providing the Licensed Space or Service to Customer, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in the 
Order.  
Fees:  The fees and charges under the Agreement including the monthly recurring charges ( MRCs ) and non -recurring charges 
(NRCs ) for Licensed Space and Services charged to Customer by Equinix, exclusive of Taxes.  
Force Majeure Event: An event or circumstance beyond a Partys reasonable control, including, but not limited to, war, labor 
strike, terrorist act, riot or civil unrest, fire, flood, earthquake, landslide, earth movement, hurricane, typhoon, tsunami,  volcanic 
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
eruption or other natural disaster, health epidemic, pandemic or any law, order, regulation or other action of any governing 
authority or agency.  
IBX Center:  An International Business Exchange ™ data center within which Customer receives Licensed Space and Services 
from Equinix.  
IBX Policies:  Equinixs procedures, rules, security practices, and policies applicable to the IBX Centers including Equinixs 
Global IBX Policies, which are located online and are hereby incorporated by reference: 
https://www.equinix.com/resources/product -documents/ibx -policies/  and Equinixs additional IBX Center -specific rules and 
procedures applicable to a specific IBX Center, which are either posted within the IBX Center or can be provided upon request . 
Licensed Space:  For space in an IBX Center in a common law jurisdiction, areas licensed by Customer, or, for space in an IBX 
Center in a civil law jurisdiction, areas made available to Customer with permission to access and use. In either case, the s pace 
is licensed or m ade available pursuant to the Agreement and identified in the Orders as to the amount of space. Equinix will 
determine at all times the exact location within the IBX Center where the Licensed Space will be located and Equinix will not ify 
Customer according ly. 
MCA Effective Date : The effective date of the applicable MCA.  
MCA Signatories:  The Equinix entity and Customer entity that are the signatories to the MCA.  
Online Order:  An Order placed via the Customer Portal or e -mail, to be effective only after Equinix accepts it in accordance with 
Equinixs applicable procedures or Equinix begins providing the Licensed Space or the Services ordered.  
Order:  An order for Licensed Space or Services prepared by Equinix, or an amendment thereto, that is incorporated into the 
Agreement by reference which describes the Licensed Space or Services. Orders are not valid until signed by both Parties, 
except for Online  and Phone Orders. Equinix is under no obligation to accept an Order. Unless otherwise specified, reference 
to Order(s) shall also include Online Orders and/or Phone Orders.  
Phone Order:  An Order placed over the phone, where available, to be effective only after Equinix accepts it in accordance with 
Equinixs applicable procedures or when Equinix begins providing the Licensed Space or the Services ordered.  
Policies:  The IBX Policies and any applicable Product Policies.  
Product Policies:  The product exhibits and policies which are located online at: http://www.equinix.com/resources/product -
documents/ , which are incorporated by reference into,  or as otherwise agreed to in writing by Customer in, an Order.  
Sanctions Laws:  Export/re -export, sanctions, import and customs laws and regulations, including U.S. sanctions and export 
regulations.  
Services:  All services, goods and other offerings provided by Equinix under an Order pursuant to the Agreement.  
Smart Hands:  Equinixs onsite technical assistance which may include following Customers express instructions relating to 
remote management, installation or troubleshooting of Customers Equipment or any other assistance agreed to by Equinix in 
an Order.  
Sublicensee:  Any third party who: (i) sublicenses all or part of the Licensed Space from Customer, if such Licensed Space is 
located in a common law jurisdiction, or (ii) is able to access and use all or part of the Licensed Space as made available b y 
Customer, if suc h Licensed Space is located in a civil law jurisdiction.  
Taxes:  Sales, use, transfer, privilege, excise, consumption tax, Value Added Tax ( VAT) or Goods and Services Tax ( GST) 
as applicable, and other similar taxes and duties, whether foreign, national, state or local, however designated, levied or imposed 
(whether as a deduction, withholding or payment) now in force or enacted in the future, which apply to the Licensed Space 
provided or the Services performed by Equinix for Customer or to Customer for its operations and use of the Licensed Space or  
Services, but excluding taxes on Equinixs net income.  
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
CUSTOMER TO COMPLETE:  
Acknowledged and agreed.  EQUINIX TO COMPLETE:  
Acknowledged and agreed.  
Customer Company Name:  
Select Medical Corporation  
(Complete Legal Name)   
Authorized Signature: {{_es_:signer1:signature                                }}   
Authorized Signature: {{_es_:signer2:signature                                }}  
Printed Name: {{_es_:signer1:fullname                                            }}   
Printed Name: {{_es_:signer2:fullname                                            }}  
Title: {{_es_:signer1:title                                                                   }}  
Title: {{_es_:signer2:title                                                                   }} 
MM
VP Acknowledgement/Nonassent:
Brian Rusignuolo (Sep 27, 2024 10:53 EDT)
Brian Rusignuolo
EVP & CIO
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
EXHIBIT A TO GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
EQUINIX COLOCATION SERVICE DESCRIPTION AND SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT  
This Exhibit sets forth the description of the colocation Services provided by Equinix pursuant to the Agreement and the 
applicable service level agreement ( SLA). Capitalized terms which are used but not defined in this Exhibit will have the meaning 
defined in the Agreement.  
1. Service Description – The Services are comprised of the Licensed Space, power, Cross Connects and related 
Services at an IBX Center. Equinix also provides to Customer cooling, fire protection, and physical security (in accordance w ith 
Equinixs certifications and standards). Licensed Space is located within the IBX Center listed on the Order.  
a. Security/Access Controls . Equinix has established and will maintain appropriate physical, technical and 
organizational safeguards, and controls which, in Equinixs sole discretion, are designed to protect the security of: (i) the  IBX 
Center; (ii) the Licensed Space which contains Customers Equipment; and (iii) the Services (collectively,  Safeguards ). 
Safeguards will include the following:  
Building Perimeter 
Security  Equinix continually monitors all entrances and exits to each IBX Center. Specific architectural 
features and physical construction of individual IBX Centers provide additional security and 
differ by location.  
Colocation Area 
Security  Within each IBX Center, the colocation area is protected by additional security measures to 
form multiple layers of security. Equinix employs appropriate facility access controls to limit 
physical access to the Licensed Space, and examples of such access c ontrols include visitor 
access authorization and validation via customer administrators and security officers, security 
mantraps, biometric readers and access card readers, locking cabinets, and extensive 
monitoring by video and/or IBX Center site staff.  
Private Cage  Customer may select a private cage with access to the private cage restricted only to 
authorized personnel by means of an additional card reader or biometric scanner on the cage 
door.  
Secure Cabinet  Customer may select a secure cabinet with access to the secure cabinet restricted only to 
authorized personnel by means of an additional locking mechanism on the cabinet door.  
Security Systems  Equinix will use business systems designed to optimize security and such other security 
measures that Equinix deems appropriate.  
b. Electrical Power.  Equinix has designed electrical power delivery systems to provide an uninterrupted supply of 
electrical power through various primary and secondary supply mechanisms. For electrical power delivery to the Licensed Space , 
Customer may choose between the fol lowing configurations:  
Non-Redundant Power  Electricity delivered via one (1) power circuit.  
Redundant Power  Electricity delivered via two (2) power circuits from two different power busses  
c. Climate Control.  Equinix has designed climate control systems in the colocation area which are designed to provide 
a predictable and consistent environment as follows:  
Temperature  Temperature is maintained between 15°C (59°F) and 32°C (89.6°F)  
Relative Humidity  Relative Humidity is maintained between 8% and 80%  
d. Cross Connects.  Cross Connects permit Customer to connect Customers Equipment to other Equinix customer 
equipment or Equinix interconnection exchanges located within an IBX Center or between IBX Centers on a single Equinix 
campus. Cross Connects are available in various  media types.  
e. Smart Hands.  At Customers request, Equinix will provide Smart Hands, which provide remote support of Customers 
Equipment within an IBX Center. Smart Hands only consists of visual and physical support of hardware (i.e., no application 
support or access to Customer Da ta). Smart Hands examples include assisting Customer with moving Customers Equipment 
and uncrating from boxes; labeling equipment and cable connections; inventorying Customers Equipment; and installing cabling  
between or from Customers Equip ment to Customers demarcation equipment. Smart Hands requests may be expedited at the 
request of Customer and as agreed by Equinix.  
f. Maintenance.  Equinix maintains its IBX Center via a comprehensive, coordinated program of preventive maintenance. 
Maintenance activities are fully scripted, scheduled, reviewed, and approved by Equinix operations and engineering 
management prior to execution of the wo rk. Equinix will inform customers of any maintenance via email or the Customer Portal. 
Equinix will use reasonable efforts to provide Customer with maintenance notifications in accordance with the following 
timeframes, but failure to do so will  not entitle Customer to credits. Equinix will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize 
disruption to the Services when performing maintenance.  
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
Maintenance Type  Notification Objective  
Scheduled Maintenance  at least 30 days in advance  
Remedial Maintenance  at least 3 days in advance  
Urgent or Emergency Maintenance  0 and up to 3 days in advance  
g. Security Breach Notifications.  Equinix will contact Customer via phone or email of any actual or attempted 
unauthorized access of Customers Licensed Space (i.e., private cage or cabinet) ( Security Breach ) within twenty -four (24) 
hours of discovery, or as soon as is practical given the circumstances. In the provision of Licensed Space and Services, Equi nix 
does not manage nor monitor Customers Equipment and does not monitor any Cross Connects. Customer i s solely responsible 
for monitoring Customers Equipment and its network traffic.  
h. Incident Management.  Equinix will maintain sufficient capability, systems, and processes to promptly respond to and 
address incidents within the IBX Center that affect, or have the potential to affect, the Licensed Space and Services or the 
operation of the IBX Center.  Equinix monitors the critical equipment providing the Services and alerts staff to investigate and 
take appropriate and timely corrective action for  power, environmental, security, fire suppression, and life safety incidents . If 
Equinix becom es aware of an incident that affects the Licensed Space and Services (other than a Security Breach which is 
governed by Section 1(g) of this Exhibit), Equinix will inform Customer and advise Customer of the nature of the incident within 
thirty (30) minutes of discovery, or as soon as is practicable given the circumstances. Equinix will provide Customer with re gular 
updates (at least every two (2) hours) with the status of the incident and the actions taken. Customer may monitor the progress 
of the incident via the Customer Portal.  
2. Service Level Agreement  
a. Electrical Power  
Service Level 
Name  Redundant Power Service Level  Non-Redundant Power Service Level  
Availability  99.999%+  99.99%+  
Service Level 
Threshold  This service level is met by achieving less than 
twenty -six (26) seconds of Unavailability over a 
calendar month per cabinet.  This service level is met by achieving less than four (4) 
minutes of Unavailability over a calendar month per 
cabinet.  
Unavailability  A redundant power service is considered 
Unavailable when a functioning cabinet that 
includes Customer provided automatic failover 
capability is powered by two (2) power circuits 
from different power busses, and both power 
circuits experience a simultaneous  interruption 
in electrical power such that the cabinet 
experiences an interruption in electrical power.  A non -redundant power service is considered 
Unavailable when a functioning cabinet is powered by 
one (1) power circuit, and the power circuit experiences 
an interruption in electrical power such that the cabinet 
experiences an interruption in electrical po wer. 
Credits  Subject to Section 3, if Unavailability exceeds the applicable Service Level Threshold, Customer will be 
entitled to a credit equal to 1/30th of the number of affected cabinets multiplied by the average power 
MRC per cabinet (i.e., total power MRC divided by the total number of cabinets) in the Licensed Space 
within which the Unavailability occurred ( Loaded Cabinet MRC ).Further, Customer will be entitled to an 
additional credit equal to 1/30th of Loaded Cabinet MRC for the affected cabinet(s) for every full hour of 
Unavailability beyond the applicable Service Level Threshold.  
b. Climate Control  
Service Level 
Name  Temperature Service Level  Humidity Service Level  
Availability  99.99%+  99.99%+  
Service Level 
Threshold  This service level is met by achieving less than 
four (4) minutes of Unavailability over a 
calendar month per cabinet.  This service level is met by achieving less than four (4) 
minutes of Unavailability over a calendar month per 
cabinet.  
Unavailability  Temperature is considered Unavailable when 
the temperature drops below 15°C (59°F) or 
exceeds 32°C (89.6°F). Equinix measures Humidity is considered Unavailable when the humidity 
drops below 8% or exceeds 80%. Equinix measures 
humidity between three (3) and five (5) feet from the floor 
GTC_ 20Jan2023  Equinix Proprietary and Confidential   
temperature between three (3) and five (5) feet 
from the floor and no closer than twelve (12) 
inches from the cool air intake side of a cabinet.  and no closer than twelve (12) inches from the cool air 
intake side of a cabinet.  
Credits  Subject to Section 3, if Unavailability exceeds the applicable Service Level Threshold, Customer will be 
entitled to a credit equal to 1/30th of the Loaded Cabinet MRC. Further, Customer will be entitled to an 
additional Service credit equal to 1/30th of L oaded Cabinet MRC for the affected cabinet(s) for every full 
hour of Unavailability beyond the applicable Service Level Threshold.  
c. Cross Connects  
Service Level 
Name  Cross Connect Availability Service Level  Cross Connect Provisioning Service Level  
Availability  99.99%+  Not applicable  
Service Level 
Threshold  This service level is met by achieving less than 
four (4) minutes of Unavailability over a calendar 
month per Cross Connect.  Upon Equinix acceptance of an Order, Equinix will 
install into Customers existing Licensed Space up to 
three (3) Cross Connects per day, per IBX Center as 
follows:  
Cross Connect Interval 
Type:  Provisioning Interval:  
Premium  Twenty -four (24) hours  
Plus Three (3) business days  
Unavailability  A Cross Connect is considered Unavailable 
when the passive physical media that Equinix 
uses for the Cross Connect fails and the 
endpoints are unable to maintain a 
communication connection due to the failure of 
the physical media.  Not applicable  
Credits  Subject to Section 3, if Unavailability exceeds the 
Service Level Threshold, Customer will be 
entitled to a credit equal to the MRC for the 
affected Cross Connect.  Subject to Section 3, if Equinix does not provision Cross 
Connect(s) in accordance with the Service Level 
Threshold, Customer will be entitled to a credit equal to 
100% of the NRC of the affected Cross Connect.  
Note:  The Cross Connect Provisioning Service Level 
only applies to IBX Centers listed here: 
http://www.equinix.com/resources/product -
documents/equinix -ibx-classification/ . 
3. General  
a. Credits . The credits set forth in this Exhibit are Customers sole and exclusive remedy if Equinix fails to meet the 
service level thresholds stated herein. In any calendar month the maximum credit(s) to which Customer shall be entitled will not 
exceed the MRC for such Licensed Space or Service.  
b. Reporting Unavailability and Requesting Credit . All periods of Unavailability must be verified by Equinix, and 
approved credits will be applied by Equinix to the invoice for the month following the month in which the credit was approved . 
The period of Unavailability will be measured from the earlier of:  (i) the time Equinix becomes aware of the incident as evidenced 
by Equinixs system logs or data, monitoring systems or applicable incident report; or (ii) Customers notification to Equini x of 
the incident (i.e., Cus tomer opens a trouble ticket) provided that Equinix can confirm the incident began when Customer claims 
it did; and ends when the Unavailability has been remedied, as confirmed by Equinix (i.e., closing of the trouble ticket). In order 
to be eligible for a credit, Customer must report the Unavailability to Equinix within seven (7) days of the incident. In ord er to 
receive a credit from Equinix, Customer must request the credit by notifying the applicable Equinix country contact in writing 
within fifteen (15 ) days of the last day of the month in which the Unavailability is remedied (i.e., the trouble ticket is closed).  
c. Exceptions . Customer will not be entitled to a credit if the event or condition that would have otherwise given rise to 
the credit was caused by any of the following: (i) Force Majeure Events; (ii) scheduled maintenance; (iii) Customers Equipme nt; 
or (iv) actions or inactions of Customer or its representatives.