MERCHANT SERVICES AGREEMENT  
In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained in this Merchant Services 
Agreement (this  Agreemen t), and the agreement of Merchant to participate in the card 
processing services program established by Bank, the parties agree as follows:  
1. Parties . The parties to this Agreement are FIFTH THIRD BANK, a federally chartered 
bank whose address is 6111 N. River Road, Rosemont, IL 60018 ( Fifth Third Bank ), 
Titanium Processing, Inc, a Texas corporation, whose address is 1754 Bagdad Rd., Bldg 
100A, Cedar Park, TX 78613 (ISO), and the Merchant set forth on the Merchant 
Application form to which this Agreement is attached ( Merchan t). Fifth Third Bank is a 
principal member of Mastercard International Inc. (Mastercard) and Visa USA, Inc. 
(Visa ). ISO participates in programs affiliated with (a) Mastercard, Visa, DFS Services, 
LLC d/b/a Discover Network (Discover) (including any card issuer whose Cards are 
processed  and settled  through  the Discover  Network)  and American  Express  Travel  Related 
Services Company Inc. (Amex) and (b) certain similar entities, including without limitation 
those appearing in the application or pricing section of this Agreement, and any other 
network supported by ISO, including without limitation debit networ ks (Othe r Networks and 
collectively with the entities listed in subparagraph (a) the Card Networks). Subject to the 
foregoing, Fifth Third Bank and ISO are collectively referred to herein as the Bank and, 
subject to the requirements of the Rules, Fifth Third Bank and ISO allocate the duties and 
obligations allocated to Bank as they deem appropriate in their sole discretion and may 
jointly  or individually  assert  or exercise  the rights  or remedies  provided  to Bank  hereunder.  
2. Definitions . For the purposes of this Agreement and the Schedules referred to herein, 
the following definitions apply unless the context otherwise  requires:  
Address Verification  means a service that allows Merchant to verify the home address of 
Cardholders with the relevant Issuer.  
Applicable Law  means: (i) all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and  
regulations; and (ii) the Rules.  
Authorization  means an affirmative response, by or on behalf of an Issuer to a request to 
effect a Transaction, that a Transaction is within the relevant Cardholders available credit 
limit and that the Cardholder has not reported the Card lost or stolen. All Transact ions 
requiring Authorization by the Associations must be authorized.  
Authorization Center  means the facility or facilities designated from time to time by Bank 
to which Merchant shall submit all requests for Authorization.  
Business Day  means any day other than: (i) a Saturday or Sunday; or (ii) a day on which 
banking institutions in Texas are authorized by law or executive order to be closed (and on 
which Bank is in fact closed).  
Card(s)  means either a Visa, Mastercard or Discover credit card, debit card (or other 
similar card that requires a PIN for identification purposes), or pre -paid, stored -value or gift 
card.  
Cardholder  means a person authorized to use a Card.  
Cardholder Information  means any non -public, sensitive information about a Cardholder 
or related to a Card, including, but not limited to, any combination of Cardholder name plus 
the Cardholders social security number, drivers license or other identification number, or 
credi t or debit card number, or other bank account number.  
Card Networks(s)  means VISA U.S.A., Inc. ( Visa), Mastercard International 
Incorporated ( MasterCard ), DFS Services LLC ( Discover ) and American Express Travel 
Related Services Company, Inc. (American Express).  
Chargeback  means a Transaction that Bank returns to Merchant pursuant to this       
Agreement.  
Forced Sale  means a sales Transaction processed without an approved electronic 
Authorization number being obtained for the full amount of the sales Transaction at 
the time the Transaction is processed.  
Full Recourse Transactions  means mail orders, telephone orders, e -commerce (Internet) 
orders, Pre -Authorized Recurring Order Transactions, and other card not present sales.  
Issuer means a member of an Association that enters into a contractual relationship with 
a Cardholder for the issuance of one or more Cards.  
Merchant Statemen t means an itemized monthly statement of all charges and credits to 
the Operating Account (as that term is defined in Section 5 of this Agreement).  
Monthly Chargeback Violation , for any given calendar month, means that more than five 
Chargebacks have been processed in that month and that the Transaction Chargeback 
Ratio for that month is equal to or greater than 1%.  
Mid-Qualified Transactions  means any Transaction categorized as such by the 
processor designated by Bank to settle Transactions with the Associations  
Non-Qualified Transactions  means: (i) any Transaction submitted for processing more 
than 48 hours past the time the Authorization occurred; (ii) any Transaction missing required 
data; and (iii) any Transaction categorized as such by the processor designated by Bank to 
settle Trans actions with the Associations.  
Pre-Authorized Recurring Order Transaction  means a Transaction that has been pre - 
authorized by the Cardholder and for which the goods or services are to be delivered or 
performed in the future by Merchant without having to obtain approval from the Cardholder 
each time.  
Qualified Transactions  means any Transaction categorized as such by the processor 
designated by Bank to settle Transactions with the Associations.  
Rules  means all rules, regulations, by -laws, standards and procedures adopted and/or 
amended from time to time by the Card Networks (including, without limitation, the Payment 
Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)), Bank and each relevant Issuer.  
Services  means the activities undertaken by Bank to authorize, process and settle Card 
transactions undertaken by Cardholders at Merchants location(s), and all other services 
provided by Bank under this Agreement.  Transaction  means the acceptance of a Card or information embossed on the Card for 
payment for goods sold and/or leased or services provided to Cardholders by Merchant and 
receipt of payment from Bank, whether the Transaction is approved, declined, or processed 
as a Forced Sale. The term Transaction also includes credits, errors, returns and 
adjustments.  
Transaction Chargeback Ratio , for any given calendar month, means the number of 
Chargebacks processed in that month divided by the total number of Transactions 
processed in that month.  
3. Services Provided to Merchant . Subject to the Rules, Services may be performed by 
Bank, its affiliates, its agents or other third parties Bank may designate from time to time in 
connection with this Agreement. Information related to Merchants Transaction activity or 
any credit or fin ancial information of Merchant may be disclosed to any such third party 
servicers or any referral bank  partner.  
4. Term . This Agreement shall become effective when approved by Bank and, unless 
sooner  terminated  as authorized  by this Agreement,  shall remain  in effect  for a term of three  
(3) years. This Agreement shall renew automatically for successive terms of three (3) years 
each, unless any party provides written notice of termination to the other parties at least 90 
days prior to the end of the then -current term. All obligations, warr anties, indemnities and 
agreements with respect to Transactions entered into before such termination shall survive 
termination of this Agreement until finally and irrevocably paid in full, and, regardless of any 
such termination, Merchant shall remain liab le for all obligations to Cardholders and Bank 
that are incurred while this Agreement is in effect.  
5. Merchant Operating Account . Prior to accepting any Cards, Merchant shall establish a 
demand deposit account at Bank, or at a financial institution approved by Bank (the 
Operating Accoun t), through which fees, charges and credits due in accordance with this 
Agreement may be processed. Merchant authorizes Bank to debit all amounts Merchant 
owes Bank hereunder from the Operating Account, whether maintained at Bank or another 
financial inst itution, at times deemed appropriate by Bank, through the ACH Banking 
Network or by a manual debit of the Operating Account. Mer chant waives any and all claims 
for loss or damage  arising  out of any such  charges  or debits  to the Operating  Account.  
6. Reserve Account . Upon, or at any time after, execution of this Agreement, Bank may 
establish a reserve account at Bank ( Reserve Accoun t), for all future indebtedness of 
Merchant to Bank that may arise out of or relate to the obligations of Merchant under this 
Agreement, including, but not limited to, Chargebacks and fees, in such amount as Bank 
from time to time may determine in its sol e discretion. Bank may fund the Reserve Account 
by deducting amounts from payments due to Merchant, by effecting a charge  against 
Merchants Operating Account or against any of Merchants accounts at Bank, or by 
demanding payment from Merchant (which payment Merchant shall make within ten (10) 
days after receipt of any such demand). The Reserve Account will be maintained for  a 
minimum of nine months after the date on which this Agreement terminates or until such 
time as Bank determines that the release of the funds to Merchant is prudent, in the best 
interest of Bank, and commercially reasonable, and that Merchants account w ith Bank is 
fully resolved. The provisions of this Agreement relating to account debits and credits 
apply to the Reserve Account and survive this Agreements termination until Bank 
terminates the Reserve Account. Any balance remaining after Chargeback rights 
have  expired  and all of Banks  other  anticipated  expenses,  losses  and damages  have 
been paid will be disbursed to  Merchant.  
7. Fees . Merchant shall pay to Bank all fees specified on Schedule A , as amended by 
Bank  from  time to time.  For each  Transaction,  Bank  will charge  Merchant  as follows:  
(a) An amount ( Merchant Discount Fees ) equal to a specified percentage of the total 
cash  price  of each  sales  and cash  withdrawal  Transaction  (Merchant  Discount  Rate ); 
(b) A specified amount per Transaction ( Transaction Fee ); and 
(c) A specified amount per Authorization ( Authorization  Fee). 
The Merchant Discount Rate, Authorization Fees and Transaction Fees are set forth on 
Schedule A . Different Merchant Discount Rates apply to Qualified, Mid -Qualified and Non - 
Qualified Transactions, as shown on Schedule A . Merchant agrees that Bank will, and 
authorizes Bank to, deduct Merchant Discount Fees from the Operating Account or Reserve 
Account on a daily or monthly basis. Merchant also agrees to pay to Bank the amount of 
any fees, charges or penalties assessed aga inst Bank by any Card Network or Iss uer for 
Merchants violation of any Applicable Law. Merchant shall pay Bank for any other services 
provided to Merchant by Bank and for all other fees shown on Schedule A , including, but not 
limited to, monthly minimum fees, Chargeback fees and customer service  fees.  
8. Billing . All amounts Merchant owes to Bank may be charged to the Operating Account 
or Reserve Account, recouped by adjustment to any credits due to Merchant, or set off 
against any account or property Bank holds for or on behalf of  Merchant.  
9. Security Interest . As security for the performance by Merchant of all of its obligations 
under this Agreement, Merchant hereby grants to Bank a security interest in: (i) the funds 
held in the Operating Account and in the Reserve Account; and (ii) any inventory with 
respect  to which a Transaction has occurred but has not yet been fulfilled. Merchant will 
execute and deliver to Bank such documents, in form satisfactory to Bank, as Bank may 
reasonably request in order to perfect Banks security interest in the  Operating Account, 
Reserve  Account  and such  inventory,  and will pay all costs  and expenses  associated  with 
filing the same or this Agreement in all public filing offices, where filing is deemed by Bank 
to be necessary or desirable. Bank is authorized to file financing statements relating to the 
Operating Account, the Reserve Account and such inventory where authorized by 
Applicable Law. Merchant appoints Bank as its attorney -in-fact to execute such documents 
as are necessa ry or desirable to accomplish perfection of any security interests. This 
appointment is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable as long as Merchant owes 
any amount to Bank.  
10. Processing Transactions . 
(a) Merchant shall obtain Authorizations and process Transactions using such equipment 
and software as may be approved from time to time by Bank, in its sole discretion (the 
Equipmen t). Merchant shall validate Cards and Cardholders in face -to-face transactions 
as required by Applicable  Law.  
(b) Merchant shall obtain Authorizations for Transactions in a manner required by 
Applicable Law and in the manner, and following the processes and procedures, determined 
from  time to time by Bank,  in its sole discretion,  and communicated  to Merchant  by Bank.  
(c) Merchant shall not submit a Transaction to Bank (electronically or otherwise) until 
Merchant has performed its obligations to the Cardholder in connection with the Transaction 
or obtained Cardholders consent for a Pre -Authorized Recurring Order  Transaction.  
(d) Merchant shall not transmit any Transaction to Bank that Merchant knows or should 
have known to be illegal, fraudulent or not authorized by the  Cardholder.  
(e) Merchant shall not process a Transaction that does not result from an act between a 
Cardholder and  Merchant.  
(f) Merchant shall not request or use any Card number for any purpose other than as 
payment for its goods or  services.  
(g) Merchant may transmit a Transaction that effects a prepayment of services or full 
prepayment of custom -ordered merchandise, manufactured to a Cardholders specifications, 
if Merchant advises Cardholder of the immediate billing at the time of the Transactio n and 
within time limits established by the Card  Networks.  
  (h) If the signature panel on a Card is blank, Merchant must review positive identification  
 bearding the Cardholders signature to validate the Cardholders identity. For online 
Transactions, the payment website must authenticate the Cardholders identity and use 
appropriate site security and internet section security standards in accordance with  the 
Rules.  
11. Prohibited Transactions . For all Card Networks Merchant shall not do any of the  
following:  
(a) Establish a minimum on debit cards or greater than $10.00 on credit cards or a 
maximum dollar Transaction  amount;  
(b) Obtain multiple Authorizations for amounts less than the total sale  amount;  
(c) Obtain Authorization for the purpose of setting aside the Cardholders credit line for 
use in future  sales;  
(d) Extend credit for or defer the time of payment of the total cash price in any 
Transaction;  
(e) Honor  a Card  except  in a Transaction  where  a total cash  price  is due and payable;  
(f) Make any special charge to or extract any special agreement or security from any 
Cardholder in connection with any  Transaction;  
(g) Transmit or accept payment for any Transaction that was not originated directly 
between Merchant and a Cardholder for the sale or lease of goods or the performance of 
services of the type indicated in the Merchant Application form to which this Agreement is 
attached;  
(h) Honor or accept a Card as payment for any legal services or expenses arising out of 
or related to: (i) any domestic relations matter where such services or expenses are 
furnished to a person whose name is not embossed on a Card; or (ii) any bankruptcy, 
insolvency,  compromise,  composition  or other  process  affecting  Cardholders  creditors;  
(i) Use Merchants own Card, or one to which Merchant has access, to process  a 
Transaction for the purpose of obtaining credit for Merchants own benefit;  
(j) Re-process any Transaction that was previously charged back to Bank and 
subsequently returned to Merchant, irrespective of Cardholder  approval;  
(k) Initiate a Transaction credit without a preceding debit at least equal to the  credit;  
(l) Initiate a Transaction credit without a balance in the Operating Account at least equal 
to the  credit;  
(m) Use the Equipment or any data received thereon for any other purpose other than for 
determining whether or not Merchant should accept checks or Cards in connection with a 
current sale or lease of goods or  services;  
(n) Use the Equipment or any data received thereon for credit inquiry purposes or any 
other purpose not authorized by this  Agreement;  
(o) Draw or convey any inference concerning a persons creditworthiness, credit standing, 
credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics or mode of living 
when any Card or check is processed as  non-accepted;  
(p) Disclose any information obtained through the Equipment to any person except for 
necessary disclosures to affected Cardholders, Bank and/or the  Issuer;  
(q) Disburse funds in the form of travelers cheques, if the sole purpose is to allow the 
Cardholder to make a cash purchase of goods or services from  Merchant;  
(r) Disburse funds in the form of  cash;  
(s) Accept a Card to collect or refinance an existing debt (whether originally owed to 
Merchant or otherwise) that is considered uncollectible (for example, payments to a 
collection agency or attempts to recover funds for a dishonored check) excep t to the extent 
specifically permitted by Applicable  Law;  (t) Issue a Transaction credit in respect of goods or services acquired in a cash 
transaction which are  returned;  
(u) Make any cash refund to a Cardholder who has made a purchase with a credit Card 
(all Transaction credits shall be issued to the same credit Card account number used in the 
sale);  
(v) Require a Cardholder to complete a postcard or similar device that includes the 
Cardholders account number, Card expiration date, signature or any other Card account 
data in plain view when  mailed;;  
(w) Accept a Card for the purchase of Scrip (as defined by applicable VISA regulations),  
excep t to the extent specifically permitted by Applicable  Law;  
(x) Accept any payment directly from a Cardholder for previous Card charges incurred 
and processed by  Merchant;  
(y) Require, through an increase in price or otherwise, any Cardholder to pay any 
surcharge in connection with any Transaction or to pay any part of any charge imposed on 
Merchant by Bank excep t, in either case, as expressly permitted by, and under terms and 
conditions that comply in full with, Applicable  Law;  
(z) Provide cash to a Visa cardholder unless  Merchant is either (i) participating in Visa 
Cash -Back Services or  Discover Cash at Checkout program  (ii) a hotel or cruise  line; 
(aa) Cause any Cardholder to waive its right to dispute a Transaction;  
(bb) Request the Card Verification Value 2 data on any paper order form;  
(cc) Request a Cardholder account number for any purpose that is not related to payment 
for goods or services; or  
(dd) Add any tax to Transactions, unless applicable law expressly requires that a 
merchant be permitted to impose a tax, and only if such tax is included in the Transaction 
amount and not collected separately..  
12. Prohibition of Furnishing Account Information; Use of Third Parties . Merchant 
shall not, without the Cardholders consent, sell, purchase, provide or exchange any Card 
information in the form of Transaction documents, carbon copies of imprinted Transaction 
documents, mailing lists, tapes, journal rolls or other media obta ined through the use of a 
Card to any third party. Merchant may use third parties that do not have a direct agreement 
with Bank as Merchants agent for the direct delivery of Transactions for clearing and 
settlement  if: 
(a) Merchant advises Bank that it will use a third -party processor in this capacity, 
identifying the third party so selected by  Merchant;  
(b) Merchant agrees that Bank will reimburse Merchant only for the Visa Transactions 
delivered by that third -party processor to VisaNet;  and 
(c) Merchant assumes responsibility for any failure by its third -party processor to comply 
with Applicable  Law.  
Merchant shall notify Bank of the identity of any third party performing services to Merchant 
in connection with which such third party has access to any Card information.  
13. Daily Reconciliation of  Transactions . 
(a) Electronically Transmitted Transactions . Bank shall control and disburse all 
Transaction -related settlement funds to Merchant. Transactions with respect to which Bank 
receives payment from or through the Card Networks will be settled on a daily basis, and 
Bank shall deliver payment to Merchant in connection with such Transactions by effecting a 
credit to the Operating Account equal to the reconciled and paid summary Transaction total 
of all of Merchants total paid summary Transactions since the previous cr edit. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bank may, in its sole discretion, effect a credit to the 
Operating Account in connection with any Transaction prior to the point in time Bank 
receives payment in connection therewith from or through the Card Networks. I n either 
case, Bank may, if necessary or appropriate, reduce any credit made to the Operating 
Account by, and/or Bank may require that Merchant pay to Bank an amount equal to: (i) the 
sum of all Cardholder charges denied, refused or charged back; (ii) all refunds processed on 
account of Cardholders during said time period; (iii) the amounts, fees and charges, 
including (but not limited to) Chargebacks, Merchant owes Bank hereunder; (iv) all taxes, 
penalties, charges, fees and other items incurred by Bank th at are reimbursable pursuant to 
this Agreement; (v) all applicable rates, fees and charges described on Schedule A ; (vi) any 
amount Bank previously credited to the Operating Account that Bank determines, in good 
faith, was incorrectly so credited; and (vii ) any amount Bank determines, in its sole 
discretion, represents unacceptable risk to the relevant Cardholder or Bank. Any application 
of funds associated with the settlement of Transactions that differs from the foregoing must 
be agreed to, in writing, by  Bank and Merchant and may not, in any respect, violate 
Applicable  Law.  
(b) Reconciliation of Transactions . Merchant shall reconcile each settled Transaction 
within fifteen (15) days after the date on which such Transaction is submitted to Bank for 
payment,  and shall notify  Bank  immediately  of any discrepancies  or errors  Merchant  notes 
as a result of such reconciliation. Bank shall not have any responsibility or liability for 
Transaction -related  errors  or omissions  that are brought  to their attention  more  than thirty  
(30) days after the date on which the Transaction to which such error or omission relates is 
first presented to Bank for settlement.  
(c) Provisional Credi t. Any credits to the Operating Account are provisional only and 
subject to revocation by Bank until such time that the Transaction is final and no longer 
subject to Chargeback by the Issuer, Cardholder or Card Networks. Bank may withhold 
payment for a Tra nsaction to Merchant, for any reason, until such time as the Transaction 
has been verified as legitimate by the relevant Issuer, or Bank receives adequate supporting 
documentation  from Merchant  to authenticate  the Transaction  and mitigate  Chargeback  risk. 
14. Adjustments and Returns . Merchant will maintain a fair exchange and return policy 
and make adjustments with respect to goods and services sold and/or leased to its 
customers whenever appropriate.  If Merchant limits its acceptance of returned 
merchandise, or if Merchant is an Electronic Commerce Merchant, Merchant will ensure that 
its return policy are clearly s et forth on the Transaction receipt or on Merchants website, as 
required by Applicable Law. If goods are returned, or services are terminated or canceled, 
or any price is adjusted, Merchant will prepare and transmit a credit or return Transaction, 
either electronically or by paper, for the amount of the adjustment as a deduction from the 
total amount of Transactions transmitted that day. If the amount of credit or return 
Transactions exceeds the amount of sales Transactions, Merchant shall pay the excess t o 
Bank. Merchant shall make no cash refunds on credit Transactions and shall handle all 
credit adjustments as provided in this Section 14. If no refund or return will be given, 
Merchant must advise Cardholder in writing, at the time of the Transaction, tha t the sale is a 
final sale and no returns are permitted. Merchant must advise Cardholder in writing of 
any policy of Merchant that provides for no -cash refunds and in -store credit only. Merchant 
shall follow Card Network reservation/no -show policies, a nd shall notify Cardholders in 
writing of this policy on all advance reservations. Merchant also shall notify Cardholders at 
the time of the reservation of the exact number of days required for reservation deposit 
refunds.  
15. Chargebacks . The acceptance by Bank of any Transaction processed in accordance 
with the terms  of this Agreement  shall  be without  recourse  to Merchant,  except  for: 
(i) Full Recourse Transactions; (ii) as otherwise indicated in this Agreement; and (iii) under 
any of the following  circumstances:  
(a) No specific prior Authorization for the Transaction was obtained from the Authorization 
Center, the approval number does not appear in the electronic transmittal that is maintained 
by Bank, or the Transaction was submitted to the Bank thirty (30) days or m ore after the 
date on which the goods and/or services to which the Transaction relates were purchased 
or leased by the relevant  Cardholder;  
(b) The Transaction was based on a pre -authorization form, the Card on which the 
Authorization was based was canceled and Merchant was so notified prior to the 
Transaction;  
(c) The Card giving rise to the Transaction was canceled and prior to, or at the time of, 
the Transaction, and Merchant received notice of the cancellation through the electronic 
terminal, in writing or  otherwise;  
(d) The Card expired prior to the date of the Transaction or the date of the Transaction 
was prior to the validation date, if any, indicated on the  Card;  
(e) The Transaction information required by this Agreement was not submitted to Bank, or 
the procedures required by this Agreement to be followed in connection with processing a 
Transaction were not  followed;  
(f) Bank or Issuer receives a complaint from or on behalf of a Cardholder stating that 
there is an unresolved dispute or defense to a charge (whether or not valid) between 
Merchant and  Cardholder;  
(g) The Cardholder makes a written complaint to Bank or Issuer that the Cardholder did 
not make or authorize the  Transaction;  
(h) A setoff or counterclaim of any kind exists in favor of any Cardholder against Merchant 
that may be asserted in defense of an action to enforce payment against the Cardholder in 
the Transaction;  
(i) The Transaction was made at or by a merchant other than  Merchant;  
(j) The Transaction  otherwise  violates  the terms  of this Agreement  or any Applicable  Law;  
(k) A Transaction is charged back by an Issuer;  or 
(l) Any representation or warranty made by Merchant in connection with the Transaction 
is false or inaccurate in any  respect.  
In any such case, Bank shall not be obligated to accept a Transaction for credit to the 
Operating Account. If Bank has credited the Operating Account or Reserve Account for such 
a Transaction, Bank may return the Transaction to the Merchant, and Merchant s hall pay 
Bank the amount of the Transaction. Merchant agrees that it is solely responsible for all 
Chargebacks, and that Bank, without prior notice to Merchant, may: (i) charge the amount of 
the Transaction to the Operating Account or Reserve Account; (ii)  recoup the amount of the 
Transaction by adjustment of the credits due to Merchant; and/or (iii) set off the amount of 
the Transaction against any account or property Bank holds for or on behalf of Merchant. If 
Merchant disagrees with Banks decision to ch arge back a Transaction, Merchant must so 
notify Bank in writing within 10 days of the Chargeback, and provide documentation that the 
dispute has been resolved to Cardholders satisfaction or proof that a credit has been 
issued.  Without limiting the gener ality of any other provision of this Agreement, if Bank 
takes legal action against Merchant for any Chargebacks or any amounts due Bank, 
Merchant shall pay the costs and attorneys fees incurred by Bank, whether suit is 
commenced or  not.  
16. Merchant Statement . At least once each month, Bank shall provide a statement (the 
Merchant Statemen t) to Merchant. All information appearing on the Merchant Statement 
shall be deemed accurate and affirmed by Merchant unless Merchant objects by written 
notice specifying the particular item in dispute within 30 days of the date of the Merchant 
Statement.  
17. Retention of Information . Merchant shall retain the information required to be 
submitted in connection with a Transaction or to be maintained in connection with a 
complaint for seven years from the date of the Transaction or the complaint. At the request 
of Bank, Merchant shall p rovide such information to Bank within five (5) days of receipt of a 
request from Bank. Failure to meet such time frame or non -delivery of any item or delivery 
of an illegible copy of an item requested by an Issuer shall, among othe r things, constitute a 
waiver by Merchant of any claims and may result in an irrevocable Chargeback for the full 
amount of the  Transaction.  
18. Recovery of Cards . Merchant will use its best efforts to reasonably and peaceably 
recover and retain any Card with respect to which Merchant receives notification of 
cancellation, restrictions, theft or counterfeiting. This notice may be given: (i) electronically 
through t he Equipment; (ii) by the Authorization Center through any means; or (iii) by listing 
on any canceled Card or restricted Card list. Merchant shall also take reasonable steps to 
recover  a Card  that it has reasonable  grounds  to believe  is counterfeit,  fraudulent  or stolen.  
19. Customer Complaints . Merchant shall respond promptly to inquiries from Cardholders 
and shall attempt to resolve any disputes amicably. If unresolved disputes occur with a 
frequency unacceptable to Bank, Bank may terminate this Agreement. Bank reserves the 
right to charge Mer chant reasonable fees and reimbursement on account of excessive 
Cardholder inquiries, refunds or Chargebacks. Merchant agrees to maintain the following 
information in writing with respect to each claim or defense asserted by a Cardholder  for 
which Merchant has received  notice:  
(a) The Cardholders  name;  
(b) The Card account  number;  
(c) The date and time the Cardholder asserted the claim or  defense;  
(d) The nature of the claim or defense;  and 
(e) The action that Merchant took in an attempt to resolve the  dispute.  
Upon request, Merchant shall furnish Bank with this information in writing within 10 days.  
20. Confidentiality . Merchant shall treat all information that it obtains knowledge of or 
access to in connection with this Agreement as confidential information of Bank (collectively, 
Bank Confidential Information). Merchant shall protect all Bank Confidential Information  
from unauthorized disclosure, publication, or dissemination with the same standard of care 
and discretion Merchant uses to protect similar confidential information of Merchants own, 
but in no event less than reasonable care. Furthermore, M erchant shall not use, reproduce, 
distribute, disclose, or otherwise disseminate Bank Confidential Information, except in 
connection with the performance of Merchants obligations under this Agreement. The 
obligations of non -disclosure provided hereunder s hall continue during the term of this 
Agreement and for a period of five years  thereafter.  
21. Compliance with Applicable  Law. 
a. Genera l. Merchant represents and warrants that it has obtained all necessary 
regulatory approvals, certificates and licenses, and that it is in compliance with all Applicable 
Law, in connection with the operation of its business.  Merchant represents and warrant s 
that it understands the importance of complying with Applicable Law in connection with any 
and all actions it takes in connection with Transactions (including, without limitation, 
complying with requirements relating to Transaction information, sto rage and disclosure), 
and covenants at all times to comply in full with all Applicable Law. Merchant further 
acknowledges and agrees that it is responsible for the actions of all of its employees while in 
Merchants  employ.  
b. Data Security Rules . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any 
other provision of this Agreement, Merchant understands that it and all of its employees, 
agents, representatives and service providers must comply with the Rules, including without 
limitation, those relating to Cardholder Information security issues, non -disclo sure of 
Cardholder Information and Transaction documents, retention and storage of Cardholder 
Information and Transaction information and other security procedures adopted by the Card 
Networks. Merchant hereby confirms its agreement to abide by and fully c omply with such 
Rules, including, without limitation, the Rules and procedures described  below:  
i. Visa Cardholder Information Security Program, Mastercard Site 
Data Protection Program and Discover Information Security Compliance . Visa and 
Mastercard have implemented programs to protect Cardholder data. The Visa Cardholder 
Information Security Program ( CISP ), Mastercard Site Data Protection Program ( SDP ) 
and Discover Information Security Compliance (DISC) apply to Merchant if Merchant 
processes or stores Cardholder data as a result of Internet or mail/telephone acceptance of 
Visa, Mastercard or Dis cover Card account information. A copy of the complete Visa 
Cardholder Information Security Standards manual and a Self -Assessment Worksheet can 
be obtained online at www.visa.com/cisp or from Bank, and a copy of the SDP provisions 
can be obtained from Bank. Visa and Mastercard may impose restrictions, fines, or prohibit 
Merchant from participating in Visa or Mastercard programs if it is determined that Merchant 
is non -compliant. Merchan t may be required to comply with an audit to verify compliance 
with security procedures. The following list describes some of the current CISP and SDP 
program requirements, with all of which Merchant may be required to comply, if applicable 
to Merchant. (A ) install and maintain a working network firewall to protect data accessible 
via the Internet; (B) keep security patches up -to-date; (C) encrypt stored data; (D) encrypt 
data sent across networks; (E) use and regularly update anti -virus software; (F) restr ict 
access to data by business need to know; (G) assign a unique ID to each person with 
computer access to data; (H) dont use vendor -supplied defaults for system passwords and 
other security parameters; (I) track access to data by unique ID; (J) maintai n a policy that 
addresses information security for employees and contractors; and (K) restrict physical 
access to Cardholder information. Merchant must also comply with the requirements of 
Section 10.3 of the Visa Rules in connection with suspected or conf irmed losses, thefts, 
compromises of information, and fraud or laundering associated with information. Please 
also note  that this is not intended to be a complete list, and Merchant remains solely 
responsible for understanding and complying in full with all of the applicable CISP, SDP and 
DISC  requirements.  
ii. Transaction Information . Merchant acknowledges that the sale or 
disclosure of databases containing Cardholder account numbers, personal information, or 
other Transaction information to third parties is strictly prohibited by the Rules. Unless 
Merchant obtains consents from Bank,  and each applicable Card Network, issuing bank and 
Cardholder, Merchant must not use, disclose, sell or disseminate any Cardholder 
information obtained in connection with a Transaction (including without limitation, the 
names, addre sses and Card account numbers of Cardholders, copies of imprinted sales 
drafts and/or credit records, mailing lists, tapes or other media obtained in connection with a 
sales draft and/or credit record) except for purposes of authorizing, completing and set tling 
Transactions and resolving any Chargebacks, retrieval requests or similar issues involving 
Transactions, other than pursuant to a court or governmental agency request, subpoena or 
order.  Merchant shall use proper controls for, limit access to, and r ender unreadable prior 
to discarding all records containing Cardholder account numbers and Card  imprints.  
Merchant may not retain or store magnetic stripe data after a 
Transaction has been authorized. If Merchant stores any electronically captured signature of 
a Cardholder, Merchant may not reproduce such signature except upon the specific request 
of Bank. Mer chant shall store all media containing Cardholder names, Cardholder account 
information, and other personal information, as well as Card imprints (such as sales drafts 
and credit records, auto rental agreements, and carbons) in an area limited to selected 
personnel and, prior to discarding any such information, destroy it in a manner that renders 
the data unreadable. Merchant further warrants and agrees that in the event of its failure, 
including bankruptcy, insolvency, or other suspension of business opera tions, it will not sell, 
transfer or disclose any materials that contain Cardholder account numbers, personal 
information, or Transaction information to third parties, and shall return the information to 
Bank and provide acceptable proof of destruction to Bank.  
c. Safeguards . Merchant will maintain appropriate administrative, technical and 
physical safeguards for all Cardholder Information. These safeguards will (i) ensure the 
confidentiality of Cardholder Information; (ii) protect against any anticipated threats or 
hazards t o the security or integrity of Cardholder Information; (iii) protect against 
unauthorized access to or use of Cardholder Information that could result in substantial 
harm or inconvenience to any Cardholder; and (iv) properly dispose of all Cardho lder 
Information to ensure no unauthorized access to Cardholder Information. Merchant will 
maintain  all such  safeguards  applicable  to Merchant  in accordance  with Applicable  Law.  
d. Annual Certification . Merchant will provide an annual certification to Bank if 
requested by Bank (in a form acceptable to Bank) certifying compliance with the data 
security provisions of this Agreement, including compliance with applicable Card Network 
requirements such as PCI DSS, SDP, and CISP. Merchant will provide annual certifications 
for Merchants service providers, subcontractors and  agents.  
e. Response to Unauthorized Access . Merchant will notify Bank within twenty  four 
(24) hours after it becomes aware of any actual or potential breach in security resulting in an 
unauthorized access to Cardholder Information. Merchant will provide any assistance that 
Bank, Issuer, regulators, governmental authority or any Card Network de ems necessary to 
contain and control the incident to prevent further unauthorized access to or use of 
Cardholder Information. Such assistance may include, but not be limited to, preserving 
records and other evidence and compiling information to enable Bank  and the Issuer(s) or 
the Card Network to investigate the incident and provide assistance and cooperation to: (a) 
file suspicious activity reports (as applicable); (b) notify their regulators (as applicable); and  (c) notify the affected Cardholder (as required). Unless the unauthorized access was due to  
Banks acts or omissions, Merchant will bear the cost of notifying the affected Cardholder.  
22. Merchants Business . Merchant will notify Bank immediately if it intends to (a) transfer 
or sell any substantial part of its total assets, or liquidate; (b) change the basic nature of its 
business, including selling any products or services not related to its current business; (c) 
change ow nership or transfer control of its business; (d) enter into any joint venture, 
partnership or similar business arrangement whereby any person or entity not a party to this 
Agreement assumes any interest in Merchant or Merchants business; (e) alter in any way 
Merchants approved monthly volume, average, or maximum ticket; (f) changes its return 
policies or to another fulfillment house different from those identified in Merchant 
Application; or (g) changes to its Operating Account. Merchant will notify Bank promptly in 
writing if it becomes subject to any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition 
or proceeding. Merchants failure to provide notice as required above may be deemed a 
material breach and will be sufficient grounds for termination  of the Agreement and for 
Banks exercise of all its rights and remedies provided by this Agreement. If any change 
listed above occurs, Bank may immediately terminate this  Agreement.  
23. Merchants Representations and Warranties . Merchant represents and warrants 
that: (a) all information contained in the Merchant Application or any other documents 
delivered to Bank in connection therewith is true and complete and properly reflects 
Merchants business, financial condition and prin cipals, partners, owners or officers (as 
applicable); (b) Merchant has power to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, and 
this Agreement is duly authorized, and will not violate any provisions of Applicable L aw, or 
conflict with any other agreement to which Merchant is subject; (c) Merchant holds all 
licenses, if any, required to conduct its business and is qualified to do business in every 
jurisdiction where it is required to do so; and (d) there is no action , suit or proceeding at law 
or in equity now pending or, to Merchants knowledge, threatened by or against or affecting 
Merchant which would substantially impair its right to carry on its business as now 
conducted or adversely affect its financial conditio n or operations.  
24. Merchants Covenants . Merchants covenants that: (a) each Transaction presented to 
Bank for collection is genuine and is not the result of any fraudulent activity, or a 
Transaction prohibited by a Card Network, or is not being deposited on behalf of any 
business other than Merchant as authorized by this Agre ement; (b) each Transaction is the 
result of a bona fide purchase of goods or services from Merchant by the Cardholder in the 
total amount stated on the Transaction record; (c) Merchant will perform all of its obligations 
to the Cardholder in connection wi th the Transaction evidenced thereby; (d) Merchant will 
comply with Banks procedures for accepting Cards, and the Transaction itself will not 
involve any element of credit for any other purposes other than as set forth in this 
Agreement, and will not be s ubject to any defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim which 
may be raised by any Cardholder under the Rules, the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 
USC ยง1601) or other Applicable  Law.  
25. Third Parties . Merchant may desire to use a third -party service provider to assist 
Merchant with its Transactions. Merchant shall not utilize any such third parties unless 
Merchant  has disclosed  such  use to Bank  previously  in writing,  and unless  such  third party 
is fully compliant with all Applicable Laws. Any third party used by Merchant must be 
registered with the Card Network prior to the performance of any contracted services on 
behalf of Merchant. Further, as between the parties to the Agreement, Merch ant will be 
bound by the acts and omissions of any third -party service provider and Merchant will be 
responsible for compliance by such third -party service provider with all Applicable Laws. 
Merchant will indemnify and hold harmless Bank from and against a ny loss, cost, or 
expense incurred in connection with or by reason of Merchants use of any third parties, 
including third -party service providers. Bank is not responsible for any third -party service 
provider used by Merchant, nor is Bank required to proce ss any Transaction which Bank 
receives from Merchant or its service providers in any format not approved by Bank. Bank 
has no responsibility for, and shall have no liability to Merchant in connection with, any 
hardware, software or services Merchant receiv es subject to a direct agreement (including 
any sale,  warranty  or end-user license  agreement)  between  Merchant  and a third party.  
26. Taxes . Each party hereto shall report its income and pay its own taxes to any 
applicable  jurisdiction.  If Bank  is required  to pay any taxes,  interests,  fines  or penalties  owed 
by Merchant, said amount shall become immediately due and payable by Merchant to Bank. 
All other federal, state or local taxes of any description related to this Agreement, including, 
but not limited to  excise, sale or use taxes that are imposed on Transactions, are 
Merchant s sole responsibility and Merchant hereby agrees to be respo nsible for the 
collection and payment thereof. Merchant shall not add any tax to any Transaction unless 
Applicable Law expressly provides that Merchant is permitted to impose a tax, and any such 
tax amount, if so allowed, shall be included in the Transaction amount and not collected 
separately. Bank shall be entitled to recover from Merchant any of said taxes paid by it on 
behalf of Merchant immediately after  payment.  
27. Limitation of Liability . In addition to all other limitations on the liability of Bank 
contained  in this Agreement,  Bank  shall  not be liable  to Merchant  or Merchants  customers 
or any other person for any of the  following:  
(a) Any loss or liability  resulting  from  the denial  of credit  to any person  or Merchants  
retention of any Card or any attempt to do so;  
(b) Any loss caused by a Transaction downgrade resulting from defective or faulty 
Equipment, even if such Equipment is owned by  Bank;  
(c) The unavailability of Services caused by the termination of contracts with computer 
hardware vendors, processors or installers, whether terminated by Bank or any other person 
for any reason;  or 
(d) Interruption or termination of any Services caused by any  reason.  
IN NO EVENT WILL BANK OR ITS AGENTS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES TO MERCHANT OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY IN 
CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE 
SERVICES TO BE PERFORMED BY BANK PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF 
THERE ARE ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS OR DELAYS RESULTING FROM 
BANKS PERFORMANCE OR ANY FAILURE TO PERFORM, BANKS LIABILITY SHALL 
BE LIMITED TO CORRECTING SUCH ERRORS, IF COMMERCIALLY RE ASONABLE.  
28. Limitation on Damages . Any liability of Bank under this Agreement, whether to 
Merchant or any other party, whatever the basis of the liability, will not exceed, in the 
aggregate,  an amount  equal  to the fees retained  by Bank  pursuant  to this Agreement  during 
the six month  period  immediately  prior to the event  giving  rise to the claim  for damages.  
29. Indemnification . Merchant agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Bank and its officers, 
directors, members, shareholders, partners, employees, agents, subcontractors and 
representatives harmless from and against any and all fines, penalties, losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities, fees or expenses of any nature whatsoever, including attorneys fees 
and costs (whether or not an attorney is an employ ee of Bank or Banks affiliates) asserted 
against or incurred by Bank arising out, relating to or resulting from, either directly or 
indirectly, of any of the  following:  
(a) a breach of any representation, warranty or term of this Agreement, including, but not 
limited to, the data security provisions by Merchant, or any service provider, subcontractor 
or agent of  Merchant;  
(b) Any act or omission of Merchant, including  negligence;  
(c) Merchants failure to comply with any Equipments users  guide;  
(d) Merchants failure to comply with any Applicable  Law;  
(e) Any dispute concerning the quality, condition or delivery of any merchandise or the 
quality of performance of any  service;  
(f) The fraud or dishonesty of Merchant or Merchants employees, licensees, successors, 
agents and/or  assigns;  
(g) Merchants selection of an Internet service provider or other  telecommunication  
services provider;  
(h) The theft of or damage or destruction to any  Equipment;  
(i) Full Recourse Transactions, unauthorized Transactions and prohibited Transactions; 
or 
(j) a breach of the security of the system safeguarding Cardholder Information resulting in 
unauthorized access to Cardholder  Information.  
Merchant will promptly reimburse Bank for any assessments, fines, fees or penalties 
imposed by any Card Network in connection with this Agreement, including the data security 
provisions, and authorizes Bank to deduct any such sums from the Operating Account, the 
Reserve Account or amount to otherwise be cleared and settled with Merchant.  
30. Credit Investigation and Bank Auditing . Bank may audit, from time to time, 
Merchants compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Merchant shall provide all 
information requested by Bank to complete Banks audit. Merchant authorizes parties 
contacted by Bank to release the credit information requested by Bank, and Merchant 
agrees to provide a separate authorization for release of credit information, if requested by 
Bank. Merchant shall deliver to Bank such information as Bank may reasonably request 
from ti me to time, including without limitation, financial statements and information 
pertaining to Merchants financial condition. Such information shall be true, complete and 
accurate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Merchant shall provide to Bank its 
balance  sheet  and income  statements  not less frequently  than every  three  calendar  months 
during the term of this  Agreement.  
31. Termination of Agreement by Bank . Bank may terminate this Agreement, without 
cause, upon at least 30 days prior written notice to Merchant. In addition, Bank may 
terminate this Agreement immediately upon written or verbal notice to Merchant, or by 
closing Merchants Equipment, upon the occurrence of any of the following (each, an  Event 
of Defaul t): 
(a) Any information  concerning  Merchant  obtained  by Bank  is unsatisfactory  to Bank,  in 
Banks sole discretion.  
(b) Any act of fraud or dishonesty is committed by Merchant, its employees or agents, or 
Bank believes in good faith that Merchant, its employees or agents have committed, are 
committing or are planning to commit any acts of fraud or  misrepresentation.  
(c) Chargebacks are excessive, in the opinion of  Bank.  
(d) There is a breach of any representation or warranty made by Merchant to Bank, or 
Merchant  defaults  in the performance  of any of its obligations  under  this Agreement.  
(e) A petition  under  any bankruptcy  or insolvency  law is  filed against  or by the Merchant.  
(f) Bank determines that the continuation of this Agreement may create harm or the loss 
of goodwill to Bank or any Card  Network.  
(g) Merchant fails to maintain sufficient funds in the Operating Account to cover the 
amounts due to Bank  hereunder.  (h) Merchants percentage of error Transactions or retrieval requests is excessive in the 
opinion of  Bank.  
(i) Any insurance policy obtained by Bank or Merchant relating to Transactions and/or 
Chargebacks is cancelled or terminated for any  reason.  
(j) Merchant fails to provide financial statements suitable to Bank on request or there is a 
material adverse change in Merchants financial  condition.  
(k) Bank is unable to perform its duties under this Agreement and Bank determines that it 
is not feasible to provide the Services contemplated by this Agreement to  Merchant.  
(l) Any Card Network requests or demands that this Agreement be  terminated.  
(m) any information which Merchant provided to Bank, including in the Merchant 
Application, was false, incomplete or misleading when  received.  
(n) an overdraft in the Operating Account exists for more than 3  days.  
(o) Merchant  or any of Merchants  officers  or employees  has been  involved  in processing  
Transactions arising from fraudulent or otherwise unauthorized Transactions.  
(p) Merchant is or will be unable or unwilling to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement or applicable  Law.  
(q) Merchant has failed to timely pay Bank any amount  due. 
(r) Merchant has failed to promptly perform or discharge any obligation under its 
Operating Account or the Reserve  Account.  
(s) any of Merchants representations or warranties made in connection with  this 
Agreement was not true or accurate when given.  
(t) Merchant has defaulted on any agreement it has with  Bank.  
(u) Bank is served with legal process seeking to attach or garnish any of Merchants 
funds  or property  in Banks  possession,  and Merchant  does  not satisfy  or appeal  the legal 
process within 15 days of such  service.  
(v) any Rules are amended in any way so that the continued existence of this Agreement 
would cause Bank to be in breach of those  rules.  
(w) any guaranty  supporting  Merchants  obligations  is revoked,  withdrawn,  terminated  or 
altered in any way.  
(x) termination is necessary to prevent loss to Bank or  Issuers.  
(y) Merchants  type of business  indicated  on the merchant  application  or as conducted  by 
Merchant could endanger Banks safety or soundness.  
(z) Merchant appears on any Card Networks security  reporting.  
Bank may selectively terminate one or more of Merchants approved locations without 
terminating this entire Agreement.  
In the event of termination, all obligations of Merchant incurred or existing under this 
Agreement prior to termination shall survive the termination. Merchants obligations with 
respect to any Transaction shall be deemed incurred and existing on the date of such 
Transaction.  
In the event Bank terminates this Agreement following any Event of Default, Merchant: (i) 
agrees that Bank may place Merchant on each Card Networks Terminated Merchant File 
(or any other list or file serving a similar purpose); and (ii) agrees to indemn ify and hold 
Bank  harmless  from and against  any and all costs,  expenses  and liabilities  incurred  by Bank 
in connection with or arising out of such Event of  Default.  
In the event of a bankruptcy filing against or by Merchant, Bank reserves the right to 
suspend or discontinue Services. Upon filing voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy 
proceedings by or against Merchant, Merchant must notify Bank in writing within five (5)  
days. Notification must be sent by certified mail to Bank at the address set forth herein. 
Credits to merchants designated account and other payments to merchant are provisional. 
The Parties acknowledge the Agreement in an agreement whereby Bank is exten ding 
financial accommodations  to the Merchant within the meaning of 11U.S.C.365 (c) (2) of the 
Bankruptcy Code as amended from time to time. The right of merchant to receive any 
amounts due or to become due from the Bank is expressly subject and subordinate to the 
Chargebacks , recoup ment, setoff, lien, and/or security interest rights that are being applied 
to claims that are liquidated, unliquidated, fixed contingent, matured or unmatured.  
32. Termination of Agreement by Merchant . Merchant may terminate this Agreement by 
providing written notice to Bank if Bank amends Schedule A pursuant to Section 31 to 
increase the rates, fees or charges Merchant pays hereunder, except for fees or rates that 
result from a pass through from a Card Network, prior to the effective date of such 
amendment. However, continued use of the Services after  the effective date of any such 
rate or fee change shall be deemed Merchants acceptance of such rate or fee changes f or 
the Services, throughout the term of this  Agreement.  
33. Setoff . In addition  to any other  legal or equitable  remedy  available  to it in accordance 
with this Agreement or by Law, Bank may set off any amounts due to it under this 
Agreement  against  any property  of Merchant  in its possession  or under  its control.  
34. Exclusivity and Early Termination Fee . Merchant shall submit all Transactions made 
during the term hereof solely to Bank for processing. If Merchant fails to comply with this 
provision, or it this Agreement is terminated for any reason, Merchant agrees to pay Bank, 
within 10 days of the date of non -compliance or termination, a liquidated damages sum 
equal to the greater of (i) $250 per Merchant location, or (ii) an amount to be determined by 
multiplying $25 by the number of months remaining in the term here of, and multiplying that 
number  by the number  of Merchant  locations.  Merchant  and Bank  agree  that the damages  
suffered by Bank as a result of such non -compliance or termination would be extremely 
difficult to calculate with precision. For that reason, the parties hereto agree that the 
liquidated damages should be computed as set forth above. Any exceptions to this  
exclusive arrangement must be approved by Bank in advance in writing.  
35. Amendments to this Agreement . From time to time Bank may amend this Agreement 
as follows:  
(a) Bank may amend or delete Cards or Services listed in Schedule A by notifying 
Merchant  in writing  of any such amendment.  All provisions  of this Agreement  shall apply  to 
Cards or Services added to this Agreement. Bank shall notify Merchant of the fees to be 
charged for processing the additional Cards and Services. Acceptance by Merchant of a 
new approved Card as payment for a Transaction or use of a new Service after Ba nk has 
sent Merchant notice of an amendment shall constitute Merchants agreement to the 
amendment and the fees or charges related to these  additions.  
(b) From time to time, Bank may introduce new fees or change the rates, fees and 
charges set forth on Schedule A . Bank will provide written notice to Merchant of all such 
amendments. Bank may change the rates, fees and charges without prior written notice if 
Merchants sales volume or average Transaction amount does not meet Merchants 
projections contained in the M erchant Application form to which this Agreement is attached 
or if the risk factors associated with processing Transactions increase. If notice is r equired, 
Bank  will give written  notice  on the Merchant  Statement.  All new rates,  fees and charges  will 
become effective for the month immediately following the month in which the notice 
appeared on the Merchant Statement unless Merchant terminates this Agreement in 
accordance with Section  28. 
(c) Bank may amend this Agreement in any manner other than as described in Section 
31(a) or 31(b) above simply by providing written notice of such amendment to Merchant, 
and such amendment shall become effective on the latter of: (i) the date on which such 
written notice  is received  by Merchant;  or (ii) a date specified  by Bank  in such  written  notice.  
36. Assignment . This Agreement may not be assigned, directly or by operation of law, by 
Merchant without the prior written consent of Bank . Bank may assign this Agreement 
without limitation. Assignment of this Agreement by Bank shall relieve Bank of any further 
obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit  of the parties  respective  heirs,  personal  representatives,  successors  and assigns.  
37. Financial Accommodations . Bank and Merchant intend this Agreement to be 
construed  as a contract  to extend  financial  accommodations  for the benefit  of Merchant.  
38. Waiver . To the extent that Merchant becomes a debtor under any chapter of title 11 of 
the United States Code and such event does not result in the termination of this Agreement, 
Merchant hereby unconditionally and absolutely waives any right or ability that Merchant 
may otherwise have had to oppose, defend against or otherwise challenge any motion filed 
by Bank f or relief from the automatic stay of 11 U.S.C. ยง 362(a) to enforce any of Banks 
rights or claims under this  Agreement.  
39. Cooperation . In their dealings with one another, each party agrees to act reasonably 
and in good faith and to fully cooperate with each other in order to facilitate and accomplish 
the transactions contemplated  hereby.  
40. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Schedules attached hereto, 
supersedes any other agreement, whether written or oral, that may have been made or 
entered into by any party (or by any officer or officers of any party) relating to the matters 
covered herein  and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties  hereto.  
41. Severability; Conflict with Rules . If any provisions of this Agreement shall be held, or 
deemed to be, or shall in fact be, inoperative or unenforceable as applied in any particular 
situation, such circumstance shall not have the effect of rendering any other provision or 
provisions herei n contained invalid, inoperative or unenforceable to any extent whatsoever. 
The invalidity of any one or more phrases, sentences, clauses or sections herein contained 
shall not affect the remaining portions of this Agreemen t or any part hereof. In the event of 
a conflict  between  this Agreement  and the Rules,  the Rules  shall  govern  and control.  
42. Notices . Except  for notices  provided  by Bank  to Merchant  on the Merchant  Statement, 
all notices, requests, demands or other instruments which may or are required to be given 
by any party hereunder shall be in writing and each shall be deemed to have been properly 
given when: (i) served personally on an officer of the party to whom such notice is to be 
given, (ii) upon expiration of a period of three (3) business days from and after the date of 
mailing thereof when mailed p ostage prepaid by registered or certified mail, requesting 
return receipt, or (iii) upon delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, 
addressed as  follows:  
If to Fifth Third Bank: 6111 N. River Road, Rosemont, IL 60018 
If to ISO: 1754 Bagdad Rd., Bldg 100A, Cedar Park, TX 78613 
If to MERCHANT:  
Address listed on the application to which this Agreement is  
attached.  Any party may change the address to which subsequent notices are to be sent by notice to 
the others given as aforesaid.  
43. Governing Law and Venue .  This Agreement shall be governed and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the state of Illinois, without regard to internal principles of conflict 
of laws, and federal law. Bank and Merchant agree that, in the event of any dispute regarding, 
arising  out of or relating to this Agreement or any personal guarantee related hereto, the 
courts of the state of Illinois shall have and be vested with personal jurisdiction over the 
parties. Such parties further agree that any and all act ions, claims, suits or proceedings 
arising out of or relating (directly or indirectly) to this Agreement or any personal 
guarantee related hereto herein shall be filed and litigated only in courts located in 
Williamson County, Texas and such courts shall h ave exclusive jurisdiction over any 
action, claims, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating (directly or indirectly) to this 
Agreement or any personal guarantee related hereto.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, MERCHANT AND BANK WAIVE ANY R IGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN 
ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDINGS REGARDING ANY LITIGATION RELATED TO THIS 
AGREEMENT AND EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS WILL 
BE TRIED A JUDGE WITHOUT A JURY.  
44. Third -Party Beneficiary . Banks respective affiliates and any third party Bank uses in 
providing  the Services  are third party  beneficiaries  of this Agreement  and each  of them  may 
enforce its provisions as it was a party hereto. Except as expressly provided in this 
Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended to confer upon any person or entity any 
rights or remedies, and the parties do not intend for any person or entity to  be third -party 
beneficiaries of this  Agreement.  
45. Warranty Disclaimer . BANK MAKES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING THE USE, 
OPERATION OR PERFORMANCE OR NON -PERFORMANCE OF SOFTWARE AND 
SYSTEMS  UTILIZED  FOR  THIS  AGREEMENT,  WHETHER  EXPRESS  OR IMPLIED,  AND 
BANK EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR  PURPOSE.  
46. Captions . Captions in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are 
not to be considered  as defining  or limiting  in any way the scope  or intent  of the provisions 
of this  Agreement.  
47. No Waiver . Any delay, waiver or omission by Bank to exercise any right or power 
arising from any breach or default of the other party in any of the terms, provisions or 
covenants of this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent 
breach or default of the same or any other terms, provi sions or covenants on the part of the 
other party. All remedies afforded by this Agreement for a breach hereof shall be 
cumulative.  
48. Force Majeure . The parties shall be excused from performing any of their respective 
obligations under this Agreement which are prevented or delayed by any occurrence not 
within their respective control including but not limited to strikes or other labor matters, 
destru ction of or damage to any building, natural disasters, accidents, riots or any 
regulation,  rule, law, ordinance  or order  of any federal,  state  or local government  authority.  
49. Cooperation . Merchant covenants and agrees that, if it is undergoing forensic 
investigation at the time this Agreement is signed, Merchant will fully cooperate with the 
investigation until it is  completed.  
50. IRS Reporting Information .  Pursuant to Section 6050W of the Internal Revenue 
Code, merchant acquiring entities such as Bank and third -party settlement organizations are 
required to file an information return reflecting all payment card transactions and third -party 
network transac tions occurring in a calendar year. This requirement applies to returns for all 
calendar years after December 31, 2010 and Merchant will receive a form 1099 -K reporting 
Merchants gross transaction amounts for each calendar year. I n addition, amounts payable 
under Section 6050W are subject to backup withholding requirements. Merchant acquirers 
such as Bank, either itself or through third parties, are required to perform backup 
withholding by deducting and withholding income tax from  reportable transactions if (a) the 
payee fails to provide the payees taxpayer identification number (TIN) to the merchant 
acquirer; or (b) if the IRS notifies the merchant acquirer that the TIN (when matched with the 
name) provided by the payee is incorr ect. Accordingly, to avoid backup withholding, it is 
very important that Merchant provides Bank with the correct name and TIN that Merchant 
uses when filing its income tax return that includes the transactions for Merchants business. 
In addition to the fe es set forth on the Merchant Application, if Merchant fails to comply with 
the obligations set forth in this section, Bank may charge Merchant additional amounts 
determined by Bank and may pass through any additional fines, costs or expenses incurred 
by Bank. 
51. E-Sign Consent Agreement . By accessing and using the Services, Merchant hereby 
consents and agrees  that:  
(a) Bank  can provide  disclosures  required  by Law and other  information  about  Merchants  
legal rights and duties to Merchant electronically.  
(b) Where required or requested, Merchants electronic signature (via clickยฌthrough or 
other  method)  on agreements  and documents  relating  to use of the Services  has the same 
effect as if Merchant signed them in  ink. 
(c) Bank can send all communications, billing statements, amendments to the Services or 
this Agreement, notices, and other disclosures or information regarding the Services or 
Merchants access to and use of the Services (collectively, Disclosures) to Mercha nt 
electronically (1) via e -mail, (2) by access to a web site that Bank designates in an e -mail 
notice Bank sends to Merchant at the time the information is available, or (3) to the extent 
permissible by Applicable Law, by access to a website that Bank wil l generally designate in 
advance for such  purpose.  
(d) If Merchant  wants  a paper  copy,  Merchant  can print a copy  of the Disclosure  or 
download the information for Merchants records.  
(e) This consent applies to all future Disclosures sent to Merchant in connection with the 
Services or this  Agreement.  
52. Legal Effect . By consent, Merchant agrees that electronic Disclosures have the same 
meaning and effect as if Bank provided paper Disclosures to Merchant. When Bank sends 
Merchant an email or other electronic notification alerting Merchant that the Disclosure is 
availa ble electronically and makes it available online, that shall have the same meaning and 
effect  as if Bank  provided  a paper  Disclosure  to Merchant,  whether  or not Merchant  chooses 
to view or print or download the  Disclosure.  
53. Limited Acceptance . Merchant has the option to elect to be a Limited Acceptance 
Provider and only accept only certain Visa, Mastercard , Discover or American 
Express (Limited Acceptance). Bank and its designated vendors have no obligations with 
regard to Limited Acceptance except those expressly stated in the Rules or the Laws. Bank 
and its designated vendors have no obligation to police card types accepted by Merchant at 
the point of sale. If Merch ant elects to be a Limited Acceptance Provider, Merchant is solely 
responsible for implementing its Limited Acceptance and for paying all costs related thereto. 
Should Merchant submit a transaction involving a Card type that it has indicated it does not 
wish to accept, Bank and/or its designated vendors may process that transaction and 
Merchant will be responsible for all fees, charges and assessments related to that 
transaction. If indicated on the Merchant Application, Merchant agrees to elect to be a 
Limited Acceptance Provider and will accept only the Visa and/or Mastercard  and/or 
Discover and/or American Express  types indicated on the Merchant  Application.  
54. Participation in the American Express OptBlueยฎ  Program  
If Merchant  elects  to participate  in the AMERICAN  EXPRESS  OptBlue  Program  
(American  Express  Card  Acceptance),  the following  terms  and conditions  apply:  
(a) The definition of Card Network(s) is to read as  follows:  
Card Networks(s)  means VISA U.S.A., Inc. ( Visa), Mastercard International 
Incorporated ( MasterCard ), DFS Services LLC ( Discover ) and American Express Travel 
Related Services Company, Inc. (American Express).  
(b) The definition of Card(s) is changed to read as  follows:  
Card(s) means either a Visa, MasterCard, Discover or American Express credit card, 
debit card (or other similar card that requires a PIN for identification purposes), or pre -paid, 
stored -value or gift card.  
(c) The definition of Issuer is changed to read as  follows:  
Issuer means American Express or a member of a Card Network that enters into a 
contractual relationship with a Cardholder for the issuance of one or more Cards  
(d) Merchant authorizes Bank and/or its affiliates to submit American Express 
Transactions to, and receive settlement on such Transactions from, American Express on 
behalf of  Merchant.  
(e) Merchant agrees that Bank may disclose to American Express information regarding 
Merchant  and Transactions  to American  Express,  and that American  Express  may use such 
information: (i) to perform its responsibilities in connection with American Express Card 
Acceptance; (ii) to promote American Express; (iii) to perform analytics and create reports; 
and (iv) for any other lawful business purposes, including commercia l marketing 
communications purposes within the parameters of American Express Card Acceptance,  
and important transactional or relationship communications from American Express. 
American Express may use the information about Merchant obtained in this Agreement at 
the time of setup to screen and/or monitor Merchant in connection with American Express  
marketing and administrative purposes. Merchant agrees it may receive messages from 
American Express, including important information about American Express products, 
services, and resources available to its business. These messages may be sent to the 
mailing address, phone numbers, email addresses or fax numbers of Merchant. Merchant 
may be contacted at its wireless telephone number and the communications sent may 
include autodialed short message service (SMS or "text") messages or automated or 
prerecorde d calls. Merchant agrees that it may be sent fax  communications.  
(f) Merchant may opt -out of receiving future commercial marketing communications 
from American Express by contacting ISO; however, Merchant may continue to 
receive marketing communications while American Express updates its records to 
reflect this choice. Opti ng out of commercial marketing communications will not 
preclude Merchant from receiving important transactional or relationship messages 
from American  Express.   
(g) Merchant acknowledges that it may be converted from American Express Card 
Acceptance to a direct relationship with American Express if and when its American 
Express -related Transaction volumes exceed the eligibility thresholds for American Express 
Card Acceptance. If this occurs, upon such conversion: (i) Merchant will be bound by 
American Expresss then -current Card Acceptance Agreement; and (ii) American Express 
will set pricing and other fees payable by  Merchant.  
(h) Merchant will not assign to any third party any payments due to it under American 
Express Card Acceptance, and all indebtedness arising from Transactions will be for bona 
fide sales of goods and services (or both) at its business locations and free of lien s, claims, 
and encumbrances other than ordinary sales taxes; provided, however, that Merchant may 
sell and assign future American Express -related Transaction receivables to Bank, its 
affiliated entities and/or any other cash advance funding source that par tners with Bank or 
its affiliated entities, without consent of American Express. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Bank prohibits Merchant from selling or assigning future American Express -related 
Transaction receivables to any third  party.  
(i) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, American Express shall 
have third -party beneficiary rights, but not obligations, to the terms of this Agreement 
applicable  to American  Express  Card  Acceptance  to enforce  such  terms  against  Merchant.  
(j) Merchant may opt out of accepting American Express at any time without directly or 
indirectly affecting its rights to accept other  Cards.  
(k) Bank and ISO have the right to terminate Merchants participation in American Express 
Card Acceptance immediately upon written notice to Merchant: (i) if Merchant breaches any 
of the provisions of this Section 46 or any other terms of this Agreement applic able to 
American Express Card Acceptance; or (ii) for cause or fraudulent or other activity, or upon 
American Expresss request. In the event Merchants participation in American Express 
Card Acceptance is terminated for any reason, Merchant must immediate ly remove all 
American Express branding and marks from Merchants website and wherever else they are 
displayed.  
(l) Merchants refund policies for American Express -related Transactions must be at least 
as favorable as its refund policy for purchase with any other Card, and the refund policy 
must be disclosed to Cardholders at the time of purchase and in compliance with Applicable 
Law. Merchant may not bill or attempt to collect from any cardholder for any American 
Express -related Transaction unless a Chargeback has been exercised, Merchant has fully 
paid for such Chargeback, and it otherwise has the right to do  so. 
(m) Merchant must accept American Express as payment for goods and services (other 
than those goods and services prohibited by this Agreement or Applicable Law) sold, or (if 
applicable) for charitable contributions made at all of its business locations and web sites, 
except as expressly permitted by state statute. Merchant is jointly and severally liable for the 
obligations of Merchants business locations and websites under this  Agreement.  
(n) Merchant or American Express may elect to resolve any claim against each other, or 
against Bank or ISO with respect to American Express -related Transactions, by individual, 
binding arbitration, decided by a neutral  arbitrator.  
(o) Merchant  will comply  in full with American  Expresss  Merchant  Operating  Guide  (as the 
same may be amended from time to time).  
(p) American Express has the right to modify the terms of this Section 46 and to terminate 
Merchants acceptance of American Express -related Transactions and to require an 
investigation  of Merchants  activities  with respect  to American  Express -related  transactions.  
(q) Merchant will fully comply with American Expresss Data Security Operating Policy 
(DSOP), Merchant Data Security Requirements, and Information Protection Contract 
Requirements  (IPCR)  as each  may be updated  by American  Express  from time to time.