LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
MASTER  SERVICES AGREEMENT  
This Master  Services Agreement (Agreement) is made as of the 1st of November  2023 , by and between:  
(1) LINGO  TELECOM, LLC. DBA LINGO  (here inafter referred to as  LINGO  which shall be deemed to mean and include its 
affiliates, successors and assigns), a corporation  duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Texas , and having its 
principal office at 25925 Telegraph Road, Suite 210, Southfield, MI 48033;  and  
(2) SELECT MEDICAL CORPORATION  (hereinafter referred to as  CUSTOMER  which shall  include its subsidiaries , joint 
ventures, partnerships, managed and contracted entities  a company having its principal office located at 4714 Gettysburg Road 
Mechanicsburg, PA 17055.  LINGO and CUSTOMER may be referred to individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.  
WHEREAS  CUSTOMER  desires to have LINGO  provide, and LINGO  agrees to provide to CUSTOMER , certain services 
described in  the attached Schedule  A, service order forms,  and in its applicable  state  tariffs ; 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions contained herein, the sufficiency of which is 
hereby acknowledged, the parties agree  as follows:  
Section 1.  The Services; Engagement of LINGO . 
1.1 Services .  The services to be performed by LINGO  (the Services) pursuant to this Agreement shall be 
described in the attached Schedule  A and/or future service amendments , service order forms , service schedules, service level 
agreements, tariffs, and service responsibility agreements  which , when fully executed by both Parties,  shall thereby become incorporated 
into and form a n integral part of this Agreement.  Unless otherwi se specified in a particular amendment  or service order form , use of 
Services constitutes acceptance of Service . CUSTOMER  understands LINGO  will use best commercial  efforts: (a) to provide the Services 
by the date requested, (b) to prevent service interrup tions, (c) to promptly restore the Services when service interruptions occur, and (d) 
to ensure  the uptime and delivery of  its network and those of its underlying providers comply with industry standards.  LINGO s Service 
Level Agreement c overing the Services is incorporated into this Agreement and attached her eto as S chedule B.  LINGO  is providing the 
Services to CUSTOMER  from fa cilities located in the United States of America.   
1.2 Installation .  Once LINGO  schedules installation and confirms an installation time with CUSTOMER , 
CUSTOMER  must be present with facilities available and fully accessible , unless otherwise agreed to . If LINGO  technician arrives at the 
location and CUSTOMER  is not present or facilities are not available or accessible or CUSTOMER  otherwise cancels or postpones 
installation without a 24 -hour notice to LINGO , LINGO  reserves the right to assess a  CUSTOMER  Missed Call trip charge of one hundred 
and fifty -nine dollars ($159) per missed site visit ; LINGO shall waive the first three (3) Missed Call trip charges per billing cycle.  
CUSTOMER s first invoice from LINGO  will include a partial month of Service plus the first full month of Service billed in advance. 
CUSTOMER s first invoice may contain charges for only a portion of the Services requested. Depending on the Service ordered and 
locations to be served it may t ake up to three (3) billing cycles until charges for all Services requested appear on the invoice, as is industry 
standard. After the initial billing cycles, CUSTOMER s invoice will include charges for one  (1) month of Service for all ordered Services, 
including any usage charges. Usage based charges are billed in arrears. CUSTOMER  should expect to receive a final invoice from its 
existing local, long distance, and/or data service provider(s) if LINGO  is replacing a previous provider. LINGO  is not responsib le for 
contacting CUSTOMERs  prior provider(s) should it/they continue to bill CUSTOMER  for services following conversion to LINGO . All 
LINGO  charges and savings provided in any quotation or proposal are before taxes, surcharges, assessments, or other fees  are applied.  
1.3 Schedule  A.  All terms and conditions of Schedule A that conflict with the terms of this Agreement  shall be 
superseded by this Agreement, unless expressly superseded . All changes to Schedule A of this Agreement must be in writing and sign ed 
by both Parties . 
1.4 LINGO  Equipment.  All Customer  Premises Equipment (CPE) installed by LINGO  to provide Services to 
CUSTOMER  shall remain the sole property of LINGO , unless purchased by CUSTOMER  in a separate written Bill of Sale agreement. 
CUSTO MER  agrees to return all such CPE to LINGO  within sixty (60) days of termination. Equipment returned after sixty (60) days will 
not be credited toward CUSTOMER s account and CUSTOMER  shall be responsible for full replacement costs. CUSTOMER  agrees to 
be responsible for ensuring that no liens attach to LINGO  equipment and must immediately cause any such liens to be removed at 
CUSTOMER s expense upon request. CUSTOMER  will be always res ponsible  for the proper installation, operation,  and maintenance of 
any equipment it provides that is used in connection with the Service. In addition, CUSTOMER  is responsible for ensuring that all such 
equipment is technically and operationally compatible  with the Service and in compliance with the terms set forth in this Agreement and 
all incorporated documents.  
1.5 Maintenance .  CUSTOMER  acknowledges that from time-to-time LINGO , or its third-party  underlying 
providers, may perform certain network and eq uipment maintenance and during these times Service may be interrupted. Services may 
be temporarily unavailable or limited because of capacity limitations and may be temporarily interrupted because of equipment  
modifications, upgrades, relocations, repairs,  and similar activities. To minimize impact to CUSTOMER , scheduled maintenance will be 
performed during the non -peak hours of 11 pm to 5 am. LINGO  operates and maintains Service only up to the CUSTOMER  demarcation 
point. LINGO  is not responsible for any ne twork elements beyond the CUSTOMER  demarcation point. If a maintenance event  is likely to  
cause Service to be interrupted or unavailable , LINGO  will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify affected CUSTOMER s at least 
twenty -four (24) hours prior to the interruption  but may interrupt Service . LINGO  may exercise discretion in choosing the notification 
method and in determining if notification is needed. When notification is required,  LINGO  will identify by market where scheduled 
maintenance will occur.  
Section 2.  Fees.  
2.1 Charges for Services .  All fees are invoiced and payable in U.S. dollars.  For the Services, CUSTOMER  
shall compensate LINGO thirty (30) days subsequent to receipt of an invoice  in accordance with the rates on Schedule A . No discounts 
apply to taxes, surcharges, assessments, or other regulatory or third -party fees (including, but not limited to, promotional credits, 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
installation charges, nonrecurring charges, special construction , or CPE charges, passthrough charges, access and port charges, taxes, 
municipal and franchise fees, governmental and regulatory surcharges and assessments, line recovery charges, interexchange ac cess 
charges, or E -911 fees). Any new Services added under t he CUSTOMER account number applicable to this Agreement , following the 
initial order , will be pursuant to  and subject to this Master Services Agreement . LINGO  reserves the right to adjust CUSTOMER  pricing 
following delivery of notice to CUSTOMER  as require d by the applicable state public utility commission where Services are provided, or 
with ninety  (90) days notice, whichever is greater ; however, Lingo shall provide a POTs rate guarantee for the Initial Term whereby rates 
for AT&T service areas shall not be increased for eighteen (18) months and twelve (12) months in all other service areas. LINGO  may, 
from time to time, provide CUSTOMER  with software or services from third party vendors (Third Party Services) that are billed to 
CUSTOMER  as a separate li ne item from Services provided hereunder. If the price LINGO  pays for any such Third -Party Services changes 
at any time, CUSTOMER  agrees that LINGO  may pass those price changes on to CUSTOMER  without markup . Fees and charges include, 
but shall not be limit ed to, one -time installation charges, LEC installation charges, monthly line charges, line recovery charges, taxes, 
assessments, surcharges, CPE charges, and any fees paid by LINGO  on CUSTOMER s behalf to register and maintain domain names 
for CUSTOMER . In addition, if LINGO performs any On-Site repair services, LINGO will advise CUSTOMER  of the necessity prior to 
undertaking said services. CUSTOMER  will be billed for such  services that are det ermined to be a result of a problem not resulting from 
a LINGO  Network Outage, such as any issue caused by any element of CUSTOMER s phone systems, equipment, and networks. 
CUSTOMER  will be billed LINGO s then -current standard rate, with a one -hour minimum  charge per call. Commencing on the Installation 
Date (the date the Service is installed and available for CUSTOMER s use).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, LINGO acknowledges that, as 
a condition to payment hereunder, LINGO must submit invoice(s) as require d by this Section within One Hundred Twenty (120) days 
following completion of the applicable month  Services provided .  Failure to submit invoice(s) within such time period will result in forfeiture 
by LINGO of its right to payment for such month(s)  of Ser vices not invoiced . 
2.2 Payment of Invoices .  Payment Obligations: The Parties agree that LINGO  shall invoice CUSTOMER  
monthly  for Services  commencing on the installation date (date the Services are installed and available for CUSTOMER s use) . Subject 
to Section 2.3, all invoiced amounts, less disputed amounts, are due as above and shall be paid by CUSTOMER  in immediately available 
U.S. funds. If any payment and/or documented dispute is not received by LINGO  within  sixty (60) calendar days  of receipt of invoice : (i) 
CUSTOMER  shall pay a late fee in an amount equal to one and one -half percent (1.5%) of the unpaid balance on the account calculated 
on a daily basis; (ii) LINGO  may suspend or terminate the Services. Lingo represents and warrant s that the invoice date will be the same 
day that the invoice is emailed to the CUSTOMER .  
2.3 Disputed Amounts .  CUSTOMER  may dispute all or any portion of an invoice by providing notice of the 
dispute to LINGO  not more than sixty (60) days  after the invo ice date ; CUSTOMER agrees to  pay all undisputed amounts by the applicable 
due date.  Such notice shall include all documentation reasonably necessary for LINGO  to investigate the dispute, including LINGO s 
invoice number, the dispute period, the amount in dispute (the Disputed Amount), the Service in dispute, the reason for the dispute and 
detailed supporting documentation, including the related LINGO s CDRs that are being disputed.  CUSTOMER 's failure to notify LINGO  
within sixty (60) calendar days of th e invoice date shall create an irrefutable presumption of the accuracy of the charges contained in the 
invoice and CUSTOMER  shall be barred from disputing such charges.  CUSTOMER  may deduct the Disputed Amount from the next 
invoice received from LINGO , pen ding the dispute resolution.  If the Disputed Amount or any part thereof was not in fact due to LINGO , 
no further action will be taken by either Party (such amount having been deducted from a prior invoice). If the Disputed Amou nt or any 
part thereof is du e to LINGO , CUSTOMER  shall pay all such charges and the associated late fees specified in Section 2.2  above to LINGO  
within thirty (30) days of an invoice being reissued .    
2.4 Taxes .  The rates and charges set forth in this Agreement (including Schedule  A and any subsequent 
service order forms ) do not include any applicable foreign, federal, state, or local taxes, surcharges, (including any state or federal universa l 
service fund surcha rges) or similar fees (collectively, Taxes and Fees). Taxes and Fees shall be separately stated on the invoice and 
shall be paid directly to LINGO  at the same time as all other charges due and payable in accordance with this Agreement. To request an 
exem ption from Taxes and Fees, CUSTOMER  must complete and submit LINGO s Tax and USF Exemption Certificate Forms  prior to or 
simultaneous with submission of the first order . CUSTOMER  also agrees to submit an amended annual exemption form as needed, and 
as appl icable. CUSTOMER  acknowledges and agrees to pay all Taxes and Fees as set forth in each invoice. Failure to timely pay all 
Taxes and Fees constitutes a material breach of this Agreement.  
2.5 Credit.   By executing this Agreement, CUSTOMER  accepts LINGO s initial and continuing credit approval 
procedures and policies, as they may be amended from time to time. LINGO  reserves the right to withhold initiation of full implementation 
of Services under this Agreement pending initial satisfactory credit review and a pproval.  After the credit review, LINGO  may require a 
Deposit (or an increase in a Deposit) to secure timely payment of all invoices hereunder. Upon request by LINGO , CUSTOMER  shall 
provide financial statements or other information reasonably required for  LINGO  to evaluate the ongoing credit worthiness of CUSTOMER . 
Section 3.  Limited Use of Intellectual Property.  
3.1 Access .  In performing the Services, LINGO  may provide CUSTOMER  access to various intellectual 
property (including software programs) of LINGO  and various third parties.  In all cases, CUSTOMER  is a limited user of said intellectual 
property and has no ownership therein as described in Section 3.20.  CUSTOMER  agrees not to copy, translate, disassemble, decompile, 
reverse engineer or create a derivative work of said intellectual property.  
3..2 Ownership .  CUSTOMER  acknowledges that all rights, title and interest in any intellectual property 
(including software programs) that is made available  to CUSTOMER  as part of the Services, including without limitation, all improvements 
and derivative works of said intellectual property, are the sole property of LINGO  or its licensors.  
Section 4.  Term.  
This Agreement shall be effective upon the date it has been  exec uted by both Parties . CUSTOMER  agrees to 
subscribe to the Services listed herein for  a period of three (3) years (the Initial Term, and together with all Renewal Terms (as defined 
below), the Term) unless modified by mutual agreement of the Parties or  canceled or terminated by either Party in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement. The Term shall automatically be extended (each such extension, a Renewal Term) at the expiration o f the Initial 
Term and each Renewal Term for an additional term of one (1) months unless written notice is given by either Party at least forty-five (45) 
days before expiration of the Initial Term or the then current Renewal Term that such Party does not consent to such extension. , During 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
the first twelve (12) months of the Initial Term the CUSTOMER shall maintain a minimum of 1,500 local Service lines within  LINGO 's 
footprint.   In consideration for the commitment to maintain the minimum 1,500 Service lines for the first twelve (12) months, and 
notw ithstanding any other provision of the MSA, CUSTOMER  may terminate Service lines for any reason after the first twelve (12) months 
of Service without incurring early termination liability charges. After the first twelve (12) months of Service, Customer may  disconnect as 
many Service  lines as they wish.   In such case, CUSTOMER  must submit forty-five (45 ) days notice to  LINGO  and reference this 
Agreement. Should CUSTOMER  not meet the commitment above to maintain 1,500 Service lines for the first twelve (12) months, then 
CUSTOMER  will be required to pay the Early Termination Charges listed in Section 5.5 .  
Section 5.  Termination /Discontinuance/Suspension . 
5.1 Termination , Discontinuance  or Suspe nsion by LINGO : LINGO  may terminate this Agreement, discontinue 
Services and/or suspend the performance of any of its obligations hereunder and LINGO  shall have no further obligation to provide the 
Services if:  
a) CUSTOMER  fails to timely pay any amount in accordance with this Ag reement and fails to cure such breach within thirty 
(30) calendar days after the receipt of written notice thereof ; or 
b) CUSTOMER  breaches any material provision of this Agreement, other than those related to payment of charges, and fails 
to cure such breach  within thirty (30) calendar days after the receipt of written notice thereof; or  
c) CUSTOMER  uses the Services for any unlawful, unauthorized,  or fraudulent purpose or in any unlawful manner and fails 
to cure such breach within thirty (30) calendar days afte r the receipt of written notice thereof; or  
d) In the reasonable judgment of LINGO  and upon thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice, the passage or adoption of 
any law, rule, regulation that will make it materially unable  to provide Services . 
The effective date of any termination under this Section 5 shall be set forth in a notice of termination.  No termination or suspension of 
Services by LINGO  relieves CUSTOMER  of its obligation to pay for Services provided prior to the effective date of ter mination or any fees 
associated with termination prior to the end of the Term.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if LINGO does not provide Services prepaid by 
Customer, Lingo shall remit any pro-rata prepaid funds to Customer  by credit to the account for futu re costs or check remittance (in the 
instance of termination) within sixty (60) days .  
5.2 Termination by either Party : Either Party may terminate this Agreement, without notice or an opportunity to 
cure, if:  
a) The other Party ceases doing business as a goi ng concern, makes an  assignment for the benefit of creditors, admits in 
writing to its inability to pay its debts as they become due; or  
b) The other Party files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, is adjudicated a bankrupt or an insolvent; or  
c) The other Part y files a petition seeking for itself any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, 
dissolution,  or similar arrangement under any present or future voluntary petition in bankruptcy, is unable to pay its debts 
when due, is adjudic ated as bankrupt or by statute, law or regulation or files an answer admitting the material allegations 
of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding; or  
d) The other Party consents or acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee, receiver, or liquidato r of it or of all or any 
substantial part of its assets or properties, or it or its shareholders shall take any action looking to its dissolution or 
liquidation.  
5.3 Termination by CUSTOMER :  CUSTOMER  may terminate this Agreement and suspend the performance 
of any of its obligations hereunder (other than for payment for Services provided prior to the effective date of termination)  if LINGO  fails to 
perform any material obligation under this Agreement o r violates any material term or condition of this Agreement (Cause), and such 
failure or violation is not cured within thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of a default notice from CUSTOMER .  The effective date 
of any termination for Cause shall b e set forth in a notice of termination, which date shall be no less than  five ( 5) days after expiration of 
the applicable cure period.  
5.4 Survival .  The rights and obligations of the Parties as set forth in Sections 2, 3.1, 7, 8, 10, and 11 shall 
survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason , together with any other terms by their nature which need to survive .  
Additionally, all payment obligations that accrued prior to the termination of this Agreement shall survive any termination o r expiration of 
this Agreement.  
5.5 Early Termination Charges .  In the event CUSTOMER does not meet the commitment in Section 4  to 
maintain 1,500 Service lines for the first twelve (12) months, then CUSTOMER  agrees to pay LINGO early termination charges in  an 
amount equal to all fixed recurring charges, all outstanding but unpaid non -recurring charges, any waived fees or charges, and all other 
unpaid charges incurred during the first twelve (12) months.  
Section 6.   Representations and Warranties.  
6.1 Representations a nd Warranties by CUSTOMER .  CUSTOMER  represents and warrants that CUSTOMER : 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
(a) Has full power and authority to execute, perform and undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement and that, 
to the best of its actual knowledge, it is not a party to any agreement, nor will it enter into any other agreement, that wou ld be breached  
by or that would prohibit it from entering  or performing this Agreement;  
(b) Shall obtain all applicable authorizations, notifications, filings, local corporate, governmental,  and regulatory approvals 
necessary for CUSTOMER  to enter  and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the same are in full force and effect and shall 
comply in all respects with all applicable local laws and regulations affecting the subject matter hereof; and  
(c) Executing and performing the obligations of  this Agreement, to the best of its actual knowledge, will not violate or 
conflict with any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, any provisions of its constitutional documents, any order or judg ment of any court 
or other agency or governmental body ap plicable to it or any of its assets or any contractual restriction.  
6.2 Representations and Warranties by LINGO .  LINGO  represents and warrants that LINGO : 
(d) Has full power and authority to undertake the obligations set forth in this Agreement and that it is  not a party to any 
agreement, nor will it enter into any other agreement, that would be breached by or that would prohibit it from entering into  or performing 
this Agreement;  
(e) Shall obtain all applicable authorizations, notifications, filings, local corpor ate, governmental,  and regulatory approvals 
necessary for LINGO  to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the same are in full force and effect and shall 
comply in all respects with all applicable local laws and regulations affecti ng the subject matter hereof; and  
; 
(f) Executing and performing the obligations of this Agreement, to the best of its actual knowledge, will not violate or 
conflict with any law, rule or regulation applicable to it, any provisions of its constitutional docume nts, any order or judgment of any court 
or other agency or governmental body applicable to it or any of its assets or any contractual restriction.  
Section 7.   Limitation of Liability  and Disclaimer of Warranties . 
7.1 Limitation of Liability.   NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE L IABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER 
PERSON, FIRM, ENTITY, OR THIRD PARTY IN ANY RESPECT, FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS 
OF DATA, L OSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF CUSTOMER S OR GOODWILL, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WHETHER 
IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE OF ANY KIND, AND 
REGARDLESS WHETHER A PARTY WAS ADVISED, HAD REASON TO KN OW, OR IN FACT KNEW OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
LIABILITY. LINGO  SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE ACTS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR DELAYS CAUSED BY THIRD PARTY 
VENDORS. UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT, ANY LINGO  LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER  FOR ANY 
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND SHALL BE LIMITED TO AN AMOUNT NOT TO EXCEED $100,000.00  REMEDIES UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT ARE EXCLUSIVE AND LIMITED TO THOSE EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.  
7.2 Disclaimer of Warranties.  EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, LINGO  
MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE SERVICES PROVIDED 
HEREUNDER OR DESCRIBED HEREIN. LINGO  SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES,  INCLUDING 
WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, COMPLE TENESS OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE OR USE, OR TITLE OR NON -INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD -PARTY  RIGHTS.  
Section 8.   Indemnity.  
8.1 Indemnification by LINGO .  LINGO  agrees to defend, indemnify,  and hold CUSTOMER  harmless from any 
costs and liabilities of any kind (including reasonable attorneys  fees) arising out of or relating to  the gross negligence or willful misconduct 
of LINGO , its employees, agents, contractors, or suppliers  (iii) the use by LINGO  or its ag ents/employees  of any Customer Data in violation 
of applicable federal, state, and local laws or regulations . 
8.2 Indemnification by CUSTOMER .  CUSTOMER  agrees to defend, indemnify and hold LINGO  harmless from 
any costs and liabilities of any kind (includi ng reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or relating to: (i) the use of the Services by 
CUSTOMER  inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) representations or warranties made by CUSTOMER with respect to the 
Services in a manner inconsistent w ith this Agreement, (iii) any claims by an end user or any subscriber in connection with any or all 
services or products furnished by CUSTOMER  to end users, and (iv) the use by CUSTOMER  or any end user of the Service in violation 
of applicable federal, sta te, and local laws or regulations , including fraudulent calls . 
Section 9.   Publicity.  
Except as expressly permitted hereby, neither LINGO  nor CUSTOMER  shall use the name or any of the trademarks 
of the other Party or  disclose in any of its advertising or other materials that the other Party is providing or receiving service hereunder, 
without prior written consent from the other partys General Counsel or legal equivalent/delegated agent with actual authority .  In add ition, 
no prior submission to or approval by either Party shall be required in connection with the disclosure of the Services provided in the 
Agreement as required by applicable law (including, without limitation, U.S. state and federal securities laws).   
Section 10.  Acceptable Use Policy , Tran sfer/Resale  of Services , and Fraudulent Calls . 
10.1 Acceptable Use Policy . CUSTOMER  agrees t o abide by LINGO s Acceptable Use Policy,  which is attached 
hereto as Sch edule C, which sets forth the guidelines for acceptable use of all products and services offered by LINGO . LINGO shall 
advise Customer of any changes to this policy through an Amendment.   
10.2(a)  Move or Transfer and Resale of Services . If a branch or other CUSTOMER  site relocates to another 
location in a LINGO  market where the same Services are available, CUSTOMER  may move Services to the new location, subject to 
payment of installation charges for the new location, if applicable; however, pricing may vary by location, an d CUSTOMER s rates may 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
increase or decrease. Early Termination Charges listed in Section 5.5. may apply in the event CUSTOMER  moves to a location not served 
by LINGO  or CUSTOMER  ceases to do business. Services may not be transferred or resold, and any serv ice order form entered into 
pursuant hereto, may not be transferred or assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, without LINGO s prior written approval. Any 
attempted assignment or transfer without LINGO s prior written approval shall be void. All Servic es provided under this Agreement are not 
intended for resale by CUSTOMER . Should CUSTOMER  desire to resell the Services, LINGO  and CUSTOMER  shall enter into a separate 
agreement to cover such wholesale services.  
10.2( b) Dives ted Entity .  It is acknowledged  that CUSTOMER  may elect to sell a facility (hereinafter Divested 
Entity) licensed under this Agreement to a yet  unidentified third -party and that CUSTOMER  may wish to continue to utilize LINGO s 
Services at such facility to provide uninterrupted service s for such third -party.  Therefore, it is agreed that for a period of twelve (12) 
months from the date of sale of any facility licensed under this Agreement, CUSTOMER  may utilize the LINGO  Services in order to have 
uninterrupted Services at the location .   
10.2( c)    Sold Entity .  It is further acknowledged that CUSTOMER  may elect to sell a facility (hereinafter Sold Entity) 
licensed under this Agreement to a yet  unidentified third -party and that CUSTOMER  may wish  to separate the Sold Entity fr om receiving 
Services under its Agreement.   Therefore, it is agreed that effective the first of the month following receipt of  the required  written termination 
notification from CUSTOMER  (including via email), LINGO  shall remove Sold Entity/Entities from CUSTOMER s account and CUSTOMER  
shall not be liable for any further License Fees for Sold Entities , except for the Early Termination Charges listed in Section 5.5 may apply.  
10.3 Fraudulent Calls . CUSTOMER  is solely responsible for selection, implementation , and maintenance of 
security features for protection against unauthorized calling, and LINGO  shall have no liability,  therefore. CUSTOMER  is solely responsible 
for payment of long distance, toll  and other telecommunications charges, including but not limited to international calling charges, incurred 
through use of the Services being provided hereunder. CUSTOMER  shall indemnify, defend,  and hold LINGO  harmless from all costs, 
expenses, claims or actions (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising from fraudulent calls of any nature carried by means of the 
Services . CUSTOMER  shall not be excused from paying LINGO  for Services provided to CUSTOMER  or any portion thereof on the basis 
that any port ion of the Services related to fraud.  In the event LINGO  reasonably believes, after fully investigating the authenticity thereof, 
that fraudulent calls are being made  from a CUSTOMER location , nothing contained herein shall prohibit LINGO  from taking imme diate 
action, without notice to CUSTOMER , that it deems reasonably necessary to prevent such calls from taking place. Except for the foregoing, 
CUSTOMER  acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Agreement obligates LINGO  to investigate the authenticity of any calls charged 
to CUSTOMER 's account and LINGO shall not be liable for any fraudulent calls processed by LINGO  and billed to CUSTOMER 's account.   
Section 11.  Confidentiality.  
11.1 Confidential Information .  Each Party acknowledges and agrees that it will have ac cess to information, 
including, but not limited to, intellectual property, trade secrets, business information, ideas, expressions and this Agreem ent, which are 
proprietary to and/or embody the substantial creative efforts of the other Party, either becaus e such information is marked or otherwise 
identified by the disclosing Party orally or in writing as confidential or proprietary, has commercial value, or because it is not generally 
known in the relevant trade or industry.  Such information includes, with out limitation, the specific terms of this Agreement (all such 
information hereinafter referred to as Confidential Information).  The Parties agree that Confidential Information shall remain the sole 
and exclusive property of the disclosing Party (Discl osing Party), and the receiving Party (Receiving Party) agrees to maintain the 
Confidential Information in strict confidence.   
11.2 Authorized Disclosure .  The Receiving Party agrees not to disclose or permit any other person or entity 
access to the Co nfidential Information to the same extent that such Party protects its own Confidential Information, but in any event 
reasonable care, except that such disclosure shall be permitted to an employee, agent, representative or independent contract or of the 
Receiving Party requiring access to the same on a need to know basis.  Need to know means that the employee, agent, represen tative 
or independent contractor requires the Confidential Information to perform their responsibilities in accordance with the ter ms and conditions 
of this Agreement.  
11.3 Restrictions .  The Receiving Party agrees that it shall: (i) not copy, translate, disassemble, decompile, 
reverse engineer or create a derivative work from the Confidential Information, unless authorized hereunder by the Disclosing  Party; (ii) 
not alter or remove any identification of any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice which indicates the ownership of any 
part of the Confidential Information; and (iii) notify the Disclosing Party of the circumstances surrounding any possession, use or knowledge  
of the Confidential Information by any person or entity other than those authorized by this Agreement.   
11.4 Exclusions . Confidential Information shall exclude any information that: (i) has been or is obtained by the 
Receiving Party from a source independent of the Disclosing Party which has not received such information from the Disclosing Party; (ii) 
is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of an unauthorized disclosure by the Receiving Party o r its personnel; 
or (iii) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without reliance in any way on the Confidential Information provided by the 
Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party is entitled to disclose Confidential Information if it is required to be disclosed unde r judicial order, 
regulatory requirement, or statutory requirement, provided that the Receiving Party provides written notice and an opportunit y for the 
Disclosing Party to take any available protective action prior to such disclosure.  
11.5 Employees and Ind ependent Contractors .  The Parties acknowledge that certain employees or independent 
contractors of each Party may have access to the Confidential Information of the other party.  Each Party agrees that it shall cause such 
employees and other persons to pr otect the Confidential Information in a manner consistent with the Parties obligations set forth herein.  
11.6 Effect of Termination .  Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement, unless otherwise instructed 
by the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall cease using any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party and, at the request or 
instruction of the Disclosing Party, shall either return, delete, or overwrite any such Confidential Information then in the possession of the 
Receiving Par ty as of the termination date within thirty (30) days following such termination date.   
11.7 Specific Performance .  Each Party agrees that, as the damages to the other party from a breach of 
obligations under this Section 11  are and may be impossible to determine with reasonable certainty, the non -breaching Party shall have 
the right, in the event of a breach by the other party of its obligations unde r this Section 11 , to specific enforcement thereof.  The remedies 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
of the non -breaching Party under this Section 11  shall be cumulative, and the right of specific performance granted hereby shall not be 
deemed to foreclose or limit any other remedy or right of the non -breaching party under this  Agreement, at law or in equity.  
Section 12.  Miscellaneous.  
12.1 Force Majeure .  If either Party's performance of this Agreement or any other obligation hereunder (except 
for any payment obligation) is prevented, restricted or interfered with by causes beyond their re asonable control including but not limited 
to acts of God, fire, explosion, railroad disaster, vandalism, power failure, cable cut, storm, or other similar occurrence, any law, order, 
regulation, direction, action or request of any Governmental Authority, or civil or military authority, or by national emergencies, 
insurrections, riots, wars, strikes, lockouts or work stoppages or other labor difficulties, actions or inactions of a third party provider or 
operator of facilities employed in the provision of t he Services, suppliers' failures, shortages, breaches, or delays, then such Party shall 
be excused from such performance on a day -to-day basis to the extent of such prevention, restriction, or interference. Notwithstanding 
the previous, s hould the underlyi ng carrier provide any credits, LINGO shall pass -through any credits. Such Party shall use reasonable 
efforts under the circumstances to avoid or remove such causes of non -performance and shall proceed to perform with reasonable 
dispatch whenever such caus es are removed or cease.  
12.2 Relationship of the Parties .  Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or joint 
venture between the parties, nor shall either Party be deemed the agent of the other.  CUSTOMER  acknowledges that LINGO  may perform 
its obligations through its affiliates or through the use of agents, subcontractors,  or independent contractors; provided, however, that 
LINGO  shall remain liable for the acts or omissions of its agents, subcontractors,  and independent contractors.  
12.3  Notices .    All legal notices  (terminations, amendments & addendums except those to address pricing 
solely, etc.)  and other communications required or permitted under this Agre ement will be in English, in writing, and wi ll be deemed to 
have been duly given: (a) when delivered by hand ; (b) five (5) days after being sent by Registered or Certified Mail, return receipt 
requested and postage prepaid, to the addresses in the table below  (rows 1 -2). Notices regarding operational changes (pricing, 
invoicing, etc.) may be done via email as indicated in the table below  (rows 3 -4). 
To Select Medical:  Select Medical Corporation  
Attn: EVP & CIO  
4714 Gettysburg Rd.,  
Mechanicsburg, PA 17055  
 LINGO:  
 LINGO TELECOM , LLC  DBA LINGO 
ATTN: LEGAL DEPARTMENT  
25925  TELEGRAPH RD, SUITE 210 
SOUTHFIELD , MI 48033  
E-mail: contracts@lingo.com  
With a copy to  
(non-service):  Select Medical  Corporation  
Attn: Sr. VP and Dpt. GC  
4714 Gettysburg Rd.,  
Mechanicsburg, PA 17055    
Operational:  PFinkbeiner@selectmedical.com  & 
RLacey@selectmedical.com  
 Operational:  n/a 
Invoicing:  isinvoices@selectmedical.com  Invoicing:  n/a 
LINGO shall update their notice address within ten (10) days of change.   
12.4 Non-Waiver .  No term or provision hereof shall be deemed waived,  or any breach ex cused, unless such 
waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the Party claimed by the other to have waived or consented.  Any consent by any Party 
to, or waiver of, a breach by the other, whether express or implied, shall not constitute a consent  to, waiver of, or excuse for any other 
different or subsequent breach.  
12.5 Partial Invalidity .  If any term or provision of this Agreement shall be found to be illegal or unenforceable, 
then notwithstanding such illegality or unenforceability, this Agree ment shall remain in full force and effect and such term or provision shall 
be deemed to be restated to reflect the original intentions of the Parties as nearly as possible in accordance with applicable law.  
12.6 Headings .  The headings used in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not be deemed 
a part of this Agreement.  This Agreement was drafted with the joint participation of both Parties and shall be construed neither against 
nor in favor of either,  but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof.  In the event of any apparent conflicts or inconsistencies 
between this Agreement , Schedule , or Exhibit , to the extent possible such provisions shall be interpreted to make them consistent, and if 
such is not possible, the provisions of such Schedule or Exhibit shall prevail.  
12.7 Advice of Counse l. Each Party acknowledges that, in executing this Agreement, such Party has had the 
opportunity to seek the advice of independent legal counsel and has read  and understood all the terms and provisions of this Agreement.  
12.8 Entire Agreement .  This Agreement, Schedule s, and Exhibit s hereto, all of which are incorporated by this 
reference, constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to its and their subject matter and may not 
be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreement.  
12.9 Amendment .  Excluding Rate updates provided in Schedule A, t his Agreement may be amended or 
supplemented onl y by a writing that refers specifically to this Agreement and is signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.  
Any terms and conditions varying from this Agreement and the Schedules or Exhibit s, on any order or written notification from eithe r Party 
are void . 
12.10  No Third -Party  Beneficiaries .  The Parties do not intend, nor will any clause be interpreted, to create for 
any third party any obligations to or from either LINGO  or CUSTOMER  hereunder except as is specifically set forth herein.  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
12.11 Assignment . Neither party may assign its rights and obligations, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
without the prior written consent of the other party, not to be unreasonably withheld.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, either  party, in 
connection with a merger,  reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all the assets or equity of such party, may assign this Agreement 
in its entirety to such partys successor without the other partys consent  upon written notification , which shall not be unreasonably withhe ld.  
This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.  
12.12  Settlement of Disputes.  The Parties desire to resolve disputes arising out of this Agreement without 
litigation. Excluding any  disputes arising out of Sections 2 herein, as well as otherwise specifically provided in or permitted by this 
Agreement, in the event of any dispute, difference of opinion or controversy arising in connection with this Agreement, the P arties shall 
use goo d faith efforts to arrive at an agreeable resolution through discussions escalating to at least the Vice President level with in their 
respective organizations.  
12.13  Governing Law; Venue .  The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement and the legal 
relations among the parties to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware , 
without giving effect to its conflict of law p rinciples. The parties agree that the federal or state courts sitting in the state of Delaware  shall 
be the exclusive courts of jurisdiction and venue for any litigation, special proceeding,  or other proceeding as between the parties that 
may be brought, o r arise out of, or in connection with, or by reason of this Agreement.    
12.14  Nonperformance .  To the extent any nonperformance by either Party of its obligations under this Agreement 
results from or is caused by the other Partys failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement, such nonperformance shall be 
excused.  
12.15  Mutual Cooperation .  LINGO  and CUSTOMER  each will use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve 
the objectives of this Agreement.  
12.16  Counterparts; English Language .  This Agr eement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each 
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement i s entered 
into in the English language.  In the event of any dispute con cerning the construction or meaning of this Agreement, reference shall be 
made only to this Agreement as written in English and not to any translation hereof into any other language, and this English  language 
version shall be controlling for all purposes.  
  12.17  Liability Insurance .   LINGO, at its expense, shall carry a policy or policies of professional and general 
liability insurance and workers compensation insurance, issued by an insurance carrier, providing coverage in the amount of at least One 
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per o ccurrence and Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) aggregate per year, which insures Customer against 
any act, error or omission of LINGO, its employees,  and agents. LINGO shall also have Errors and Omissions/Privacy and Network 
Security (sometimes otherwise  known as Cyber Liability): providing protection against liability for (1) system attacks, (2) denial or loss of 
service attacks, (3) unauthorized access and use of computer systems, (4) spread of malicious software code, and (5) liabilit y arising from 
the unauthorized access, loss or disclosure of private or confidential data with a minimum limit of $ 5,000,000 for each claim .  Additionally, 
a fidelity bond or crime insurance for dishonest acts of LINGOs employees with a limit of liability of one (1) milli on dollars in the aggregate.  
Cyber liability and general liability  insurance shall cover Customer via a named insured or through a functionally equivalent blanket 
endorsement, without a right of contribution. 
IN WITNESS  WHEREOF , THE DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PARTIES HERETO HAVE CAUSED THIS AGREEMENT TO BE 
DULY EXECUTED AS OF THE DATE BELOW . 
   APPROVED /SMC  (NON-ASSENT INITIALS ): 
 LINGO TELECOM , LLC  DBA LINGO  SELECT MEDICAL CORPORATION  
By:   
By:  
Brian Rusignuolo, EVP & CIO  
 Print name & title   Print name & title  
PFPF
Brian Rusignuolo (Nov 2, 2023 13:53 EDT)
11/6/2023 | 5:48:04 PM PST
Vice President, Sales Andrea Lang
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
SCHEDULE A  
Services: Attach Initial Service Order Form  – Multi Location Services Order Form  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
SCHEDULE B :  SERVICE  LEVEL  AGREEMENT   
(Broadband  - Managed  Services  - Digital  Voice  - POTS)  
Broadband  Services  
PERFORMANCE  GUARANTEED.  
At Lingo,  we back up our promises  with industry -leading  performance  and reliability  guarantees  
- demonstrated  by our superior  performance  of providing  high-value,  mission -critical  data access and 
transmission  services  to the commercial  marketplace.  Lingo guarantees maximum  network availability,  
minimal  packet  loss, latency,  and on time installation.  If Lingo  is not performing  as promised,  or 
Customer  lose connectivity  as defined  below,  Customer  is entitled  to receive  a credit.  This declaration 
is another way that Lingo demonstrates its commitment to complete Customer satisfaction.  
LINGO  INTERNET  ACCESS  GUARANTEES  99.99%  NETWORK  AVAILABILITY.  
Lingo guarantees that  the Lingo  network will be available 99.99%  of the time.  Customer  will receive a credit  
of 1/30th  of the Monthly  Recurring  Charge  (MRC)  for that month  for each eight consecutive business  
hours  of service  non-availability  (Service  Outage).  A Service  Outage  does not include interruptions  
that occur  during  scheduled  periods  of maintenance  or upgrades.  
LINGO  INTERNET  ACCESS  VIA FIXED  WIRELESS  GUARANTEES  99.9%  NETWORK  AVAILABILITY.  
Lingo  guarantees  that Internet  Access  provided  over Fixed  Wireless  will be available  99.9%  of the time.  
Customer  will receive  a one-time 10% MRC credit  at the impacted  location  for that month based  on 
network  availability.  Availability  = The amount  of time that the network  will be available as  measured  in 
minutes  per month.  The calculation  is: Total  minutes  of actual  availability  divided by  the total number  
of minutes  in a month  (Covered  Time).  Service  Interruptions  Excluded  from Covered  Time:  Loss of 
power  at the impacted  location;  Impacted  location  is unable  to conduct business  due to an event  
beyond  the control  of Lingo  (i.e. acts of nature,  fire, civil unrest); Service  interruptions  caused  by any 
non-Lingo  provided  equipment  or service;  Service  is not used in a manner  prescribed  by Lingo  
including  moving  or adjusting  any configurations  without authorization  or instruction  provided  by 
Lingo.  
MINIMAL  PACKET  LATENCY.  
Lingos  Latency  SLA is measured  as the round -trip response  time from Lingo  to each of the Customers  
sites across  the Lingo  -provided  connection.  No SLA is offered  for IP packets  traversing the public 
internet.  
MINIMAL  PACKET  LATENCY  FOR FIBER DEDICATED INTERNET ACCESS  (DIA) SERVICES.  
Lingo  guarantees  an average  monthly  latency  of less than 55 milliseconds  within  the Lingo network 
and between sites using Fiber Dedicated Internet Access. Customer will be entitled to a prorated 
credit equivalent  to one (1) day's share of Customers monthly recurring  access charge for any  month  in 
which Lingo's  average  latency  exceeds  55 milliseconds.  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
MINIMAL  PACKET  LATENCY  FOR FIXED  WIRELESS.  
Lingo  guarantees  an average  monthly  latency  of less than 150 milliseconds  within  the Lingo network  
using  Fixed  Wireless. Customer  will be entitled  to a prorated  credit  equivalent  to one (1) day's share of 
Customers monthly recurring access charge for any month in which Lingo's average latency exceeds  150 
milliseconds.  
MINIMAL  PACKET  LOSS.  
Lingos Packet Delivery SLA is measured as the percent of packets delivered from the Customer 
Management  Router  or the Lingo  network  operation  center  (NOC)  as appropriate  to each of the 
Customers  sites across  the Lingo - provided  connection  during  a calendar  month.  No SLA is offered for 
IP packets  traversing  the public  internet.  
Lingo  guarantees  an average  monthly  Internet  packet  loss of less than one (1%) percent. Customer will  
be entitled  to a prorated  credit  equivalent  to one (1) day's  share  of Customers  monthly  recurring access  
charge  for any month  in which  Lingo's  average  packet  loss exceeds  one (1%)  percent.  
JITTER.  
Also known  as delay  variation,  jitter is defined  as the variation  or difference  in the end-to-end delay 
between  received  packets  of an IP or packet  stream.  Jitter is usually  caused  by imperfections  in 
hardware or software optimization or varying traffic conditions and loading. Excessive delay 
variation  in packet  streams  usually  result  in additional  packet  loss which  detrimentally  affects  voice 
quality.  
The Jitter SLA provides  that Lingos  Internet  Network  monthly  jitter performance  will not exceed  
20 milliseconds. Performance is measured by periodically collecting data across the Lingo Telecom  
Internet  Network,  from which  a monthly  average  is derived.  
MONITORING.  
Lingo  will proactively  monitor  Static  IP type  services  regardless  of technology  or service  type. Only Static  
IP internet  circuits  will be monitored,  which  will identify  circuit  health,  up and down  statistics and 
network outages.  
ON-TIME INSTALLATION.  
Lingo  guarantees  new service  installation  by the quoted  activation  date,  provided  by Customers 
Account  Support  Team,  contingent  on the approved  order  and credit  acceptance  by Lingo  and the 
availability  of properly  conditioned  physical  and wiring  facilities  between  Customer  service  location and 
the appropriate  network  point  of presence.  The below  stated  SLA installation  intervals  are based on 
the Provisioning time from when the Provisioning group receives the order through completion  of 
the order;  this does not include  upfront  processing  time of each order.  
If Lingo  does not meet  the respective  installation  intervals  listed  below,  Customer  is entitled  to the 
following:  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
Access 
Technology  Fiber 
Dedicated 
Internet 
Access (DIA)  Cable 
Broadband 
Access  Fixed  Wireless 
Broadband 
Access  DSL Network 
Broadband 
Access  
Installation 
Commitment:   
90 business 
days**   
30 business days 
*  
30 business  days  
    21business  
    days * 
Credit:  One full month  
MRC at the 
impacted location  One full month  
MRC at the 
impacted 
location  One full month 
MRC at the 
impacted 
location  One full month  
MRC at the 
impacted 
location  
*Digital subscriber line (DSL) and Cable are best effort services;  therefore the installation intervals  
will begin  once we have confirmation  that service  can be delivered  to the location.  If it becomes 
necessary to order an alternate product or if construction is involved, a new installation interval  will begin  
once we have confirmation  on the ability  for that service  to be delivered  to the location.  
**Fiber Dedicated Internet Access  installation  can take up to 120 days if construction  (either  major  
or minor  is required),  access  issues,  Customer  not ready,  technical  issues,  or a facilities  upgrade  is 
needed.  The Customer  will not receive  a credit  if the aforementioned  issues  occur.  
Projects  with a written  Statement  of Work that  include  an installation  timeline are  not subject  to the 
above installation intervals.  
Note:  The network  performance  metrics  defined  in the Terms  and Conditions  and any applicable Service  
Order  do not apply  to non-availability  of network  services  arising  from traffic  or other service  impacts  
induced  by extraordinary  events  such as viruses,  denial  of service  attacks,  and other  network  events  
that are not originated  by or are beyond  the control  of Lingo.  
MEAN  TIME TO REPAIR.  
Mean  Time  TO Repair  [MTTR]  = (Service  Outage  – Excluded  Outage  Time  Hours)/Outage  Count), 
provided,  that Service  Outage  Time,  Excluded  Outage  Time and Outage  Count  are measured  over a single 
calendar month. A Service Outage does not  include interruptions that  occur during  scheduled periods of 
maintenance or upgrades.  
Customer  Premise  Equipment  [CPE]  MTTR  = Replacement  equipment  will be shipped  for second (2nd)  
business  day delivery,  if (a) the trouble  is isolated  to the Lingo provided  equipment, and (b) the root cause  
of the failure  is determined  by Lingo  by 1 pm EST. 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
Technology   
Fiber 
Dedicated 
Internet 
Access (DIA)  
Broadband 
(Cable, DSL)   
Broadband 
(T1, Ethernet 
over Copper)   
Granite Grid 
Broadband   
Fixed 
Wireless   
VoIP 
Mean  Time  to 
Repair (Trouble 
Related):   
8 business 
hours   
48 business 
hours   
48 business 
hours   
4 business hours   
24 business 
hours   
6 business  hours, 
excluding 
broadband 
remediation events  
Mean  Time  to 
Repair 
(Replacement 
Equipment 
Required)   
2 business days  
2 business days  
2 business days  
2 business days  
2 business days  
2 business  days 
Credit 
(Trouble 
Related):  One time 
10% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 
10% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 
10% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 20% 
MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 
20% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location   
SEE BELOW  
Credit 
(Replacement 
Equipment 
Related)  One time 
15% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 
15% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 
15% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 
15% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 
15% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted 
location  One time 15% MRC 
credit  at the 
impacted location  
Managed  Platform  Services  
Lingo  Managed  Services  includes  initial  configuration  management  of Lingo  Managed  Services devices,  
software,  and rule-based  settings.  For Customers  that subscribe  to Lingos  MSP Premium Support  
service,  requests  for configuration  changes  will be responded  to within  three  (3) to five (5) business  
days.  Lingo  technical  support  does not extend  into the Customers  local area network, internal  
applications,  PCs or server  operating  systems  or non-Lingo  software  applications.  
Lingo  SLA for latency  on VPN tunnels  (from  Lingo  point  of presence  (PoP)  to Lingo  PoP), is 
contingent  on both ends of the VPN utilizing  Lingo  Dedicated  Internet  Access.  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
SERVICE  AVAILABILITY.  
Available  means  the Managed  Platform  Service  is available  for access  and use by End Users  over the  
Internet  and operating  in material  accordance  with the associated  written  or electronic materials  
and specifications  for the Service.  Lingo  guarantees  that the Managed  Platform Service  network  will 
be available  99.99%  of the time, meaning  at least 99.99%  of the total number of minutes  in a calendar  
month  during  the Term,  excluding  the Managed  Platform  Service  not being  Available  because of  any 
of the Exceptions.  Exceptions  mean  (a) any act or omission  by any third party;  (b) access  to or use 
of the Service  that does not strictly  comply  with the Service Agreement  and the specifications  for 
Service;  (c) factors outside of Lingos  reasonable  control, including  any force  majeure  event  or 
Internet  access  or related  problems;  (d) failure,  interruption, outage  or other  problem  with any 
software,  hardware,  system,  network,  facility  or other  item not supplied  by Lingo;  (e) any scheduled  
or critical  maintenance;  or (f) disabling,  suspension  or termination  of the Managed  Platform  Service  
pursuant  to the Agreement.  
SERVICE  UPTIME.  
Managed  Services  Cloud  Management  Systems  and Gateways  will be operational  and available with 
a service  uptime  SLA of at least 99.99%  of the time in any calendar  month.  (Less  than 4.38 minutes  
unscheduled  downtime  per month).  This specifically  excludes  any on-premise  components.  Any 
maintenance  that will impact  customer  operations  will be advertised  at least 3 business  days in 
advance  of the start of the window.  Maintenance  will be planned  outside  core business  hours  when  
possible.  Lingo  reserves  the right to open  emergency  maintenance windows  when  needed.  Forced  
majeure  and planned  network  maintenance  are excluded  from service  uptime.  
CREDITS.  
If the service  uptime  SLA is not met in any calendar  month,  Customer  will be eligible  to receive  the 
following service credits:  
Uptime 
Percentage  Service Credit  
< 99.99%  but 
> 99.90% : One time  10% 
MRC credit at the  
impacted location  
< 99.90%  but 
> 99.0%:  One time  20% 
MRC credit at the  
impacted location  
< 99.0%:  One time  35% 
MRC credit at the  
impacted location  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
SOFTWARE  SUPPORT  & MEAN  TIME TO REPAIR  [MTTR]  
Managed  Services  Software  Support  
Support   
Standard  Plan Production 
Support  Premier 
Support  
Call Center 
Availability   
24 x 7  
24 x 7  
24 x 7 
Support Response  
Time 24 X 7 (Sev 1) 
12 X 5 (Sev, 2, 
Sev 3, Sev 4) 24 X 7 (Sev 1) 
12 X 5 (Sev, 2, 
Sev 3, Sev 4) 24 X 7 (Sev 1, 
Sev 2) 
12 X 5 (Sev 3, 
Sev 4) 
Response  Time  
Sev 1: Within  1 hour  
Sev 2: Within  6 hours  
Sev 3: Within  12 
hours  
Sev 4: N/A  Sev 1: Within  
30 minutes  
Sev 2: Within  
4 hours  
Sev 3: Within  
8 hours  
Sev 4: Within  
24 hours  Sev 1: Within  
30 minutes  
Sev 2: Within  2 
hours  
Sev 3: Within  4 
hours  
Sev 4: Within  
12 hours  
Sev 4: per 
schedule  
Severity  Level 1 – Service  is not available  
Severity  Level 2 – Service  is available,  but performance  or some  features  are severely  degraded, materially  
affecting  normal  use of the Service  
Severity  Level 3 – Service  is available  and critical  functions  are usable,  but there  is a non-critical malfunction  
Severity  Level 4 – Cosmetic  of feature  requests, service  is functioning  as designed  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
MANAGED  SERVICES  EQUIPMENT  REPLACEMENT  
Hardware  Replacement  SLA 
Replacement  Service  Plan 
RTP (Return  for Placement)  Next Business Day Same  Business  Day 
Ships  NBD (Mon  - Fri) after unit 
returned   
Advanced Replacement: Ships  
NBD (Mon - Fri), if RMA 
request  is received  by 
8:00pm  EST  
Advanced  Replacement: Ships  SBD 
(Mon  - Fri), if RMA request  is 
received by 6:00pm EST  
Advanced  Replacement  ships  before  unit returned  
Digital  Voice  
Lingo  Digital  Voice  Installation  SLA 
Existing  Broadband  Environments*  / 10+ Locations  
HPBX*  / Integrated  Voice  / IP PRI^ DV Cloud  / SIP Trunks  
From  Start of  Provisioning to  Service  Activation   
From  Start of  Provisioning to  Service  Activation  
29 Business  Days  
19 Business  Days 
^Lingo  One, DV Retail  & RPOS  service  offerings  are hosted  private  branch  exchange  (HPBX)  
packages.  Thus,  the Installation  SLA for  those offerings is the  same as  HPBX.  
* If ordered  with Broadband,  the Provisioning  / Installation  Phase  begins  with the Installation of the 
Broadband  Circuit.  The Broadband  Installation  interval  varies  from 21 to 120 business days 
depending  upon  the broadband type.  
Should  Lingo  Installation  Intervals  not meet the total SLA Interval  commitment  from Order 
Submission  to Service  Activation,  CUSTOMERS  WILL BE ELIGIBLE  FOR A 100%  CREDIT  FOR ANY 
ACCESSED  INSTALLATION,  SHIPPING  & ACTIVATION  FEES CHARGES.  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
TDM Voice  (POTS)  
Provisioning  SLA 
On –Time Migration 
Commitment:   
Existing Service  Lines: Transfer of existing time  division multi -plexing  (TDM) voice  services (plain old  
telephone  service  (POTS), remote  call forwarding  (RCF)) to Lingo  within ten (10)  business days and 
error  free in accordance  with the scheduled  implementation  plan.  * 
New Service  Lines : Installation  of new lines of TDM voice  services  (POTS,  RCF) to Lingo  within ten (10) 
business  days and in accordance  with the scheduled  implementation  plan. *  
Time  to correct:  
2 - Business  days. 
1 - 2 Year Term:  
1 - 2 Year Term:  Credit  for one full month  of your monthly  recurring  service  charge.  
3+ Year Term:  3+ Year  Term:  Credit for  one full month of your  monthly recurring service charge,  any 
overage  charges  and additional  fees on the account  for that same  billing  cycle.  
* Services must be currently available and capable of being migrated from partnering regional  
Bell operating  companies  (RBOC)  or a reseller  of RBOC  services.  Complex  Services and facilities -
based  locations  are excluded  from this commitment  as well as any individual case basis  
arrangements  made  between  Customer  and Lingo.  
Customer  Service  SLA 
Account 
Maintenance 
Commitment:  Call Management  Service  Changes : Adds,  Changes  or Disconnects  in Call Management  Services 
within  five (5) business  days of request.  * 
Non-Complex  Service  Changes : Adds,  Changes  or Disconnects  to existing  TDM voice  services 
within  five (5) business  days and error  free in accordance  with the scheduled  implementation plan.  
* 
Complex Service Changes : Adds, Changes or Disconnects to existing TDM voice complex services within  
fifteen  (15) business  days and in accordance  with the scheduled  implementation plan.  * 
Time  to correct:  Two (2)  Business days 
Service  Response and 
Repair Commitment:  Response  Time:  
Lingo  will respond  with our understanding  of the repair  issue  and status  of the repair 
resolution within one (1) hour.  
Repair  Time:  
Lingo  commits  to repair  any Lingo  service -related  issue within  a 24-hour period.   
Time  to correct:  One (1) Business  Day 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
Service Reliability 
Commitment:  Lingo  will resolve  any service -related  problems  the first time within  the Service  Response  and Repair  
Time  stated  above.  If any service -related  problem  under  this Service  Level  Agreement occurs  twice  
within  any 2-month  period,  only the affected  Customer  location  relating  to this Service Level  
Agreement  can be moved  to another  provider  without  penalty.   
Time  to correct:  1 business  day 
* Services  must  be currently  available  and migratable  from underlying  service  provider  or a reseller  
of service  providers  services.  Moves,  adds,  changes,  deletions  (MACDs)  must  be for eligibly  available  
services  with the underlying  service  provider  or reseller  of service  providers services.  Service  moves  
are subject  to quote  from the underlying  service  provider  or reseller of  service  providers  services.  
Expedites  are available  upon  request  for an additional  fee. 
* Installations  of new lines that require  site-visit or involve  more  than 4 lines are quoted  on an 
individual  case basis  (ICB).  Lingo  will meet  or beat the quoted  due date or guaranteed  30- business  
day installation  interval.  
 Problems  caused  by Customer  equipment  or changes  to their equipment  or incompatibility  
with Lingos network or the network of  any Lingo supplier are not  covered under this agreement. 
Acts of God out of Lingos or any Lingo suppliers control are not covered under this 
agreement.  Lingo and its suppliers will do anything and everything to correct these types of 
situations.  To invoke  this guarantee,  Customer  must  give written  notice  of the problem  to Lingo 
and allow  Lingo  reasonable  time to correct  the problem.  Written  notice  may be given  by mail, 
email  to contracts@lingo.com  or by fax. If a service -related  problem occurs and Customer 
accepts a credit or negotiated settlement satisfactory to the Customer from Lingo  as 
compensation  of such problem,  such acceptance  of a credit  or negotiated  settlement constitutes 
agreement that service -related  problem is resolved to their satisfaction and is considered  a 
waiver  of the right to move  affected  location  to another  provider.  Certain  services such as PRI, 
Fiber Dedicated Internet Access  and other  high cost services  will require  the Customer  to pay back 
any pre-paid non- recurring  charges  (NRCs)  or promotional  credits  provided  under  their 
agreement.  
Upfront  Processing  Time 
Lingo performs many steps before the actual submission of the order to the Provisioning groups.  
The below  upfront  processing  time is not part of any of the aforementioned  SLA intervals. The SLA 
installation  intervals  are based  on the Provisioning  time from when  the Provisioning group receives 
the order through completion of the order; this does not include upfront processing time of each 
order.  The SLA intervals for all products are based on the actual installation  intervals  and credit s will 
be honored  based  on the installation  intervals  only and will not take into consideration the time 
needed to process the Customer onboarding, coordination activities,  and/or  upfront  processing  time.  
The standard  upfront  processing  time is stated  below:  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
Day 0 - 
Contract 
Signed   
Day 0 – 2 Order 
Submission  Day 2 - Order 
Released  to 
Account 
Management and 
Service 
Fulfillment 
Teams   
Day 4 - 
Welcome Call Day 11 - 
Kickoff  Call with your 
Lingo 
Implementation 
Team   
By Day 16 - 
Provisioning 
Begins  
Day 0 Up to 2 Business  
Days Up to 2 Days Up to 7 Days 3 - 5 Days Up to 2 Days 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
SCHEDULE C: Lingo - Acceptable Use Policy  
Introduction  
This Acceptable Use Policy sets forth the guidelines for acceptable use of all products and services 
offered by Lingo Telecom, LLC. dba Lingo dba BullsEye (provider of services under the Lingo, BullsEye, 
Impact Telecom, Excel Telecommunications, VarTec Tel ecom, Trinsic, Matrix Business Technologies, 
Americatel, Startec, Teligent, 1010123, 1010719 and 1016868 brand names), hereinafter Lingo.  
Lingo seeks to promote a high level of responsible behavior in connection with the use of the Internet 
and all Lingo 's communications products and services. All users are required to comply with all Lingo 
terms and conditions and this Acceptable Use Policy, along with any applicable agreements, as well 
as any applicable tariffs or service schedules. Each user is strictl y responsible for its compliance with, 
and its customers' compliance with, this Acceptable Use Policy, as well as the policies of any other 
networks accessed by the user.  
Disclaimers and Indemnification  
Subject to the other provisions of this Acceptable Us e Policy, Lingo provides an unfiltered connection 
to the Internet via its IP -related Services. Lingo is not responsible for any materials accessible on or 
through Lingo's products or services. No data, documents, materials, or information that enters the 
Network is reviewed before being transmitted to users. Accordingly, Lingo neither controls nor 
accepts responsibility for the content of any, but not limited to, communications that are transmitted 
or made available to users, regardless of whether they orig inated from users of our IP -related Services. 
Users are solely and fully responsible for their content.  
In addition, Lingo expressly disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy or quality of information 
provided by third parties that may be obtained thro ugh the use of our IP -related Services. ALL 
MATERIAL AND INFORMATION OBTAINED BY ANY USER THROUGH OUR INTERNET ACCESS IS PROVIDED 
"AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY RELATED TO PRIVACY, 
SECURITY OR INTERGRITY OF ANY DAT A USER TRANSMITED OVER THE INTERNET. IN NO EVENT WILL LINGO 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, EITHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, 
FOR USE OF OR INABLITY TO USE LINGO'S INTERENT ACCESS, OF ANY KIND, DELAY OF OR PARTIAL 
DELIVERY, TERMIN ATION OR RIGHTS OF LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, BUSINESS OR GOODWILL, OR TO 
PROVIDE ANY INDEMNIFICATION OR ANY OTHER REMEMDY TO ANY USER OF LINGO'S INTERNET 
ACCESS. USER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING AND ACCESSING OUR IP -
RELATED SERVICES. T his limitation will not apply to claims relating to death or personal injury, which 
arises out of products deemed to be consumer goods under applicable law. To the extent that the 
jurisdiction to which any user is subject does not allow any part of such li mitation, such part does not 
apply. Lingo does not warrant that our IP -related Services will meet any user's requirements, or that it 
will operate in combination with any software and/or services, which any user may select to use, that 
the operation of our  Internet Access service will be uninterrupted or error free, that any errors will be 
corrected and/or that our IP -related Services will meet any particular criteria of performance or 
quality.  
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Lingo, its par tners, agents, independent 
representatives and employees from and against any damages, judgments, expenses and other 
liabilities resulting from any final determination that the data, information and/or content stored, 
received or transmitted, now or in the  future, from your account, infringes trademark, service mark, 
trade secret, trade dress, copyright, patent, right of privacy, right of publicity, moral rights or other 
intellectual property rights and from any other damages, claims or suits or actions whi ch may arise, 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
now or in the future, as a result of your use of our IP -related Services. This indemnification shall survive 
any termination of use of our IP -related Services.  
IP Numbers and Domain Names  
Users may only use: (i) IP numbers assigned by Lingo f or applicable products and services and (ii) 
domain names for which they have registered and must keep current information on file with the 
registrar.  
Customer Security Measures  
Any and all users of our IP -related Services are responsible for their own sec urity measures and for 
configuring their own IT systems to provide the maximum accountability possible. Users are also solely 
responsible for ensuring the confidentiality of account information, data,  and password access. At 
any time if an end user finds t hat the end user's security has been breached, the end user is 
responsible for reporting the violation and handling the repair to stop the violation.  
Security  
Any and all users of our IP -related Services are individually responsible for immediately notifyi ng Lingo 
should the user become aware of any situation that may in way affect our products and services 
and/or our Network or systems. A server that is compromised has the potential to be disruptive to our 
Network and other users. For that reason, Lingo re serves the right to take your server offline without 
your consent if it is accessed or manipulated by a third party. Lingo does not represent or warrant to 
anyone any obligation regarding monitoring or policing of activities which may occur while 
customers  use our products and services, nor does Lingo have any liability to any party, including our 
customers or their customers, regarding any violation of this Acceptable Use Policy.  
Filters  
Lingo reserves the right to use any appropriate and necessary devices  to ensure compliance with 
the Acceptable Use Policy including but not limited to installation of any equipment and or systems 
that will allow Lingo to filter and/or terminate service to our IP -related Services.  
Prohibited Use  
You agree to comply with all applicable local, state,  and federal laws and regulations regarding use 
of all products and services provided by Lingo. The following is an outline of some of the prohibited 
uses of our services. The examples of prohibited use set forth below and throughou t this Acceptable 
Use Policy are non-exclusive and  are provided as guidelines to customers and other users of our 
products and services.  
Our products and services may only be use for lawful purposes. The transmission, distribution, or 
storage of any information, data, or material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is 
prohibited. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is strictly prohibited to create, transmit, distribute, 
upload or post and/or store any information, data, or material wh ich in our sole discretion:  
• Infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property 
right. Is obscene, indecent or constitutes, fosters,  or promotes child pornography. All illegal 
pornography is prohibited.  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
• Is libelous, defamatory, hateful, racist, malicious, treasonous, promotes or incites violence, 
threatens national security, or public health and safety, constitutes an illegal threat or 
abuse, or is in any way illegal or unlawful.  
• Violates export control laws  or encryption laws.  
• Encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability.  
• Violates or is alleged to violate federal or state laws applicable to Internet usage, state 
"spam" laws, the federal CAN -SPAM Act, FCC , and St ate Robocall laws, or any other 
applicable law or regulation.  
• Potentially exposes Lingo to any civil or criminal liability.  
• Is unfair or deceptive under the consumer protection laws of any state.  
• Exposes confidential or proprietary information of Lingo or any other party.  
• Is used for any unlawful purposes or activities whether civil or criminal.  
The following general actions are considered "abuse" and are violations of this Acceptable Use Policy 
and are strictly prohibited. The following outline is not cons idered exclusive and is only to be used as 
a general guideline. Our services and products shall not be used:  
• to attempt to gain unauthorized access to Lingo's Network or systems or attempt to breach 
its authorization protocols or security measures.  
• to obst ruct, restrict or inhibit any other user, whether a customer of Lingo or a user of any 
other system or network, from using any of Lingo's services or products.  
• to impersonate another user or otherwise falsify one's username  in email or any post to any 
news group or mailing list.  
• in any manner that constitutes in any way harassment, whether through language, 
frequency or size of message.  
• for creating, forwarding, posting or distribution of chain messages of any type. This includes 
but is not limited to any me ssages also referred to as "Pyramid" or "Ponzi" schemes.  
• to forge message headers or a sender's identity or  taking any similar action with the intent 
of bypassing restrictions or limit on access to a specific service or site. This does not restrict 
the leg itimate use of aliases or anonymous re -emailers.  
• to falsify identity or contact information to circumvent this Acceptable Use Policy. This does 
not restrict the legitimate use of aliases or anonymous re -emailers.  
• for attempts to circumvent or alter the pro cesses or procedures to measure time, 
bandwidth utilization, or other methods or document use of Lingo's products and services.  
• to maintain a continuous connection to the Internet namely unattended automated 
operations or server connectivity applications, or continuously reconnect to the Internet 
even when you are not actively using the connection. If a user session on "dial -up" 
connection is connected for a suspicious period of time, we may terminate the session.  
• in email address "harvesting" or "dictionar y attacks."  
• to send massive quantities of data (i.e., "flooding" with ICMP, SMTP, or any other type of 
traffic that exceeds accepted norms or size or frequency) with the intent of filling circuits, 
overloading systems, and/or crashing hosts.  
• in a manner t hat degrades, causes disruption to, harms Lingo's service, Network,  or 
systems.  
• to attack or disable any user, host or site, nor shall any files containing a computer virus or 
corrupted data be intentionally transmitted.  
• to distribute or propagate any type  of program, script, or command designed to interfere 
with the use, functionality, or connectivity of any Internet user, host or system or site.  
• to propagate messages, via email, instant message or otherwise, that contain computer 
worms, viruses, control characters of Trojan horses.  
• to intentionally inject false information or data into the Internet.  
• to disrupt newsgroups with materials, postings, or activities that are (as determined by 
Lingo in its sole discretion) frivolous, unlawful, obscene, t hreatening, abusive, libelous, 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
hateful, excessive, or repetitious, unless such materials or activities are expressly allowed or 
encouraged within the specific newsgroup, and you must comply with the rules for 
content and commercial USENET & IBC postings fo r groups.  
• to post any advertisement or other commercial solicitation to any newsgroup. Lingo's 
reserves the right to, in its sole discretion, to determine whether a post constitutes an 
advertisement or commercial solicitations.  
• to post a single article or substantially similar articles to an excessive number of newsgroups 
or mailing lists or  continued posting will be considered off -topic when it provokes 
complaints from the regular readers or the newsgroup or is deemed so by Lingo. A violation 
of this polic y will result in immediate termination of the user account.  
• to post binary files to newsgroups whose charter does not specifically allow for such files.  
• to post via Lingo's Internet access any solicitation for mail -back to an email address 
(including addre ss on non -Company users) with the intention of bypassing this Acceptable 
Use Policy.  
• to cancel newsgroup posting other than their own or  using autoresponders  or cancel -bots 
(or similar automated or manual routines), which generate excessive network traffic  or 
disrupt Usenet newsgroup/email use by others (except in cases of official newsgroup 
moderators performing their duties).  
• to engage in "Excessive Cross -Posting" (ECP) or "Excessive Multi -Posting" (EMP) or "Usenet 
SPAM" or "Mail bombing" (no matter what the content might be) as generally defined by 
the Internet community.  
• in filtering messages (e.g., NoCem) in an intrusive manner.  
• to perform any unauthorized creation, cancellation, or removal of any newsgroups.  
• in the exploitation of any scripts presented  on web pages (e.g., forms for answering 
questions or for entering data).  
• to perform "walking" a database for the purpose of collecting data contained therein 
(whether  this behavior requires that the reader of the page must knowingly ignore files 
such as " robot.txt" which is designed to guide cataloguing robots/programs).  
• to operate a robot on a site's page after the site has requested that the behavior cease.  
• to configure a web page to act maliciously against users that visit that web page.  
• to create and c ancel accounts with the sole purpose of gaining financial advantage in 
the form of customer points, usage commissions or any other financial advantage.  
If Lingo determines, in our sole discretion, that any other abuse, or inappropriate or illegal activity is 
occurring, Lingo reserves the right to suspend or terminate access or use of our products and services 
for or exercise other rights and remedies set forth in this Acceptable Use Policy.  
Suspension or Termination  
In the event that any user of Company pro ducts or services engages in any conduct that in any way 
violates this Acceptable Use Policy, or is in any way illegal or improper, Lingo reserves the right to 
suspend and/or terminate the service or the users access to Lingo products and services. In the event 
of any suspension, termination or adverse action by Lingo, the user remains responsible for timely 
remittance of all charges and fees for the remainder of the contract term.  
Lingo will under normal circumstances and conditions attempt to contact and notify you in the event 
that we become aware of activity that violates this Acceptable Use Policy to request that the 
customer cease and desist in any activities in violation of this Acceptable Use Policy. However, you 
are advised that in the event of a th reat to the operations to Lingo or in the event that Lingo becomes 
aware of activities that are (or are suspected to be) improper or illegal, or where the operation of 
our network is threatened, Lingo reserves the right to immediately suspend and/or termin ate the 
product and/or service without notification. Lingo also reserves the right to take appropriate actions 
against any user who violates the terms and conditions of this Acceptable Use Policy or who have 
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
Company -assigned IP numbers listed on abuse data  sites such as NJABL and Spews. Customers waive 
the right to any credit under a service level agreement when the interruption is due to an Acceptable 
Use Policy violation.  
Charges  
Lingo reserves the right to directly charge any user for its hourly costs as sociated with any users  
breach of this Acceptable Use Policy and corresponding materials or equipment needed to address 
the breach, including investigation or remedy of the breach, allegations by third parties, or 
subpoenas or requests for information.  
Investigations and Cooperation with Law Enforcement  
Each user is responsible for providing reasonable assistance to Lingo in investigating and resolving 
issues, problems, and/or complaints arising out of the services provided to such user. In the event of 
suspected, alleged, or actual illegal activity or ot her inappropriate activity, Lingo will notify and/or 
cooperate with applicable law enforcement authorities for potential civil, criminal investigation, 
prosecution,  or lawsuit. In the event Lingo receives a formal or informal request for assistance from a 
law enforcement authority in respect of suspected, alleged,  or actual illegal conduct, Lingo reserves 
the right to notify or to cooperate with law enforcement authorities in accordance with state and 
federal law. Customer will have no cause of action whats oever for any such notification of, or 
cooperation with, law enforcement authorities.  
Policy Modifications  
Lingo reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Acceptable Use Policy, including 
imposing additional reasonable restrictions on us e, from time to time without notice, and such 
modifications will be effective immediately upon posting on the website. In addition, you agree to 
review this Acceptable Use Policy periodically to be aware of such modifications and your continued 
access or u se of our products and services will be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the 
modified Acceptable Use Policy.  
Copyrighted Works  
Our service and/or equipment may not be used, in any manner or means, to violate protected works 
of copyright holders. Lingo reserves the right to terminate the service of copyright infringers.  
Any complaint regarding alleged copyright infringement by someone should be sent to:  
Lingo Telecom, LLC.  
Attn.: Legal Department  
25925 Telegraph Road, Suite 210  
Southfield, MI 48033  
legal@lingo.com   
To be effective, a notification of claim of copyright infringement must be provided in writing and 
must include the following information:  
• A physical or electronic signature of the owner of or a person  authorized to act on behalf 
of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed.  
LINGO  Privileged and Confidential  
• Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple 
copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a 
representative list of such works at that site.  
• Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of 
infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and 
information reas onably sufficient to permit Lingo to locate the material.  
• Information reasonably sufficient to permit Lingo to contact the Complaining Party, such 
as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which 
the Complaining Party  may be contacted.  
• A statement that the Complaining Party has a good faith belief that use of the material in 
the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of 
perjury, that the Complaining Party is the owner of or is authorized to act on behalf of an 
exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
Verison 10.2023  
TASK1718722--Lingo-Select Medical-Lingo
Master Services Agmt w exh
Final Audit Report 2023-11-02
Created: 2023-11-01
By: Gabriella Nater (GNater@selectmedical.com)
Status: Signed
Transaction ID: CBJCHBCAABAA_t59jovuDYTX2P5JMT1IwnFdrImW_o9d
"TASK1718722--Lingo-Select Medical-Lingo Master Services Ag
mt w exh" History
Document created by Gabriella Nater (GNater@selectmedical.com)
2023-11-01 - 5:51:29 PM GMT- IP address: 204.90.98.254
Document emailed to Paul Finkbeiner (pfinkbeiner@selectmedical.com) for approval
2023-11-01 - 5:52:10 PM GMT
Email viewed by Paul Finkbeiner (pfinkbeiner@selectmedical.com)
2023-11-01 - 11:43:38 PM GMT- IP address: 172.225.31.0
Document approved by Paul Finkbeiner (pfinkbeiner@selectmedical.com)
Approval Date: 2023-11-02 - 1:10:17 AM GMT - Time Source: server- IP address: 204.90.98.254
Document emailed to Brian Rusignuolo (brusignuolo@selectmedical.com) for signature
2023-11-02 - 1:10:19 AM GMT
Document e-signed by Brian Rusignuolo (brusignuolo@selectmedical.com)
Signature Date: 2023-11-02 - 5:53:13 PM GMT - Time Source: server- IP address: 204.90.98.254
Agreement completed.
2023-11-02 - 5:53:13 PM GMT