Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 1 
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT  
THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT  is dated as of November 30, 2023  by and between the 
client listed below on this cover page (Client) and Thrive Operations, LLC (Thrive) (Client and Thrive are 
each referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties).   
CONTENTS OF AGREEMENT.   This Master Services Agreement (this Agreement) is comprised of and 
includes the terms and conditions set forth in this cover sheet, the General Terms and Conditions set forth 
below, the terms and conditions of any Service Orders as may hereafter be ma de part hereof as provided 
herein and any exhibits, appendixes or addenda to any of the foregoing.  
Each Party has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative as of the 
day and year first written above.  
CLIENT: Cavender Auto   Thrive Operations LLC  
By: \signature1 \  By:   
Name:  \fullname1 \  Name:   
Title:  \title1 \  Title:   
Address for Notices  
Cavender Auto  
5730 Northwest Loop 410  
San Antonio , Texas  78238  
ATTN: Ben Stillwagon  
Email: bstillwagon@cavenderauto.com   Thrive Operations, LLC  
25 Forbes Blvd, Suite 3  
Foxborough, MA  02035  
ATTN:  Contract Operations  
Email:  contract.operations@thrivenetworks.com  
Ben Stillwagon
Director of IT
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 2 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
Part of  
Master Services Agreement  
Between Thrive Operations, LLC and Cavender Auto  
Definitions :  The following capitalized terms are used with the meaning set forth below:  
Products:  means products and other goods, including hardware, software and other tangible and intangible items, 
and other deliverables provided to Client by Thrive as contemplated by this Agreement.  
Service(s):  means, services (including maintenance, support, security, hosting, procurement, development, 
integration, administrative and other services), including those to be provided on a one -time basis and those to be 
provided on a recurring basis.   
Service Order:  means a Service Order signed by the Parties referencing this Agreement and describing the 
Products and Services to be provided to Client by Thrive and setting forth the price and other terms and conditions 
on which Thrive is to provide such Products and  Services.    
Service Provisioning Date  means for each recurring Service to be provided under a Service Order the date as of 
which Thrive makes such Service available for use by Client.  
Service Provisioning Completion Date  means for each Service Order the Service Provisioning Date for the last of 
the recurring Services to be provisioned and made available for use by Client under such Service Order.  
1. SERVICES . 
(a) General . This Agreement governs Products and Services Thrive or its affiliates may provide or sell to 
Client.  Products and Services will only be delivered to Client pursuant to one or more Service Orders.  Once 
executed by both Parties, a Service Order becomes part of this Agreement, although the terms of a Service Order 
will govern only the Services described in that Service Order.  The terms and conditions set forth in a Service Order 
will control any discrepancy between that Service Order and these General Terms and Conditions.  
(b) Procurement of Products . 
(i) All purchases of Products by Client from Thrive under a Service Order will be final at the time the order therefor is 
placed by Thrive with a third -party supplier.  Each purchase of Products from Thrive will be considered an 
independent and separate transaction from the purchase of Services from Thrive, even if both Products and 
Services are included in the same Service Order.  
(ii) Thrive shall not be liable for any damages, costs, or delays in the provision of Services b y Thrive under any 
Service Order arising in connection with Clients procurement of Products from a party other than Thrive (such 
procurement by Client referred to as a  Client Third Party Procurement ). Client will reimburse Thrive for the out -of-
pocket expenses Thrive incurs and will pay Thrive (at the hourly rates specified in the applicable Service Order, and 
if no such rates are set forth in such Service Order, then at Thrives standard hourly rat es ) for the additional time 
Thrive devotes to the provi sion of Services as a result of or arising in connection with any Client Third Party 
Procurement.    
(c) Price Changes . Pricing for Services are subject to change as follows:  
(i)     Following the first anniversary of a Service Order, Thrive may increase prices for Services under any Service 
Order on 30 days notice to Client, provided that such prices may not be increased more than once in any 12 month 
period and such increases shall not exceed the percentage increase (if any) in the Consumer Price Index for All 
Urban Consumers (US City Average, All Items, 1982 -84=100, not seasonally adjusted) as publish ed by the US 
Bureau of Labor Statistics over the then most recent twelve month period for which such data is published. In 
addition, Thrive may pass on to Client the actual price increases imposed on Thrive by Third -Party Providers (as 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 3 
referenced in Section 4 below) for goods and services included in or among the Products and Services provided to 
Client pursuant to one or more Service Orders.  Thrive will notify Client at least 30 days in advance of any such 
increases and provide Client s upporting documentation of all Third -Party Provider price increases.  
(ii)     All prices for Services in effect as of the end of the Term of the Service Order providing for such Services will 
increase by three percent (3%) upon each renewal of the Term of  such Service Order in accordance with the terms 
thereof.   
(iii)     If Client requests Thrive to provide only U.S. -based support (i.e. U.S. personnel only) in provisioning of 
Services, Thrive will identify the Client as U.S. Support Only in the Client s Service Order(s) and charge a monthly 
premium for such Services as follows:  For Term lengths of less than 24 months, a price increase of 20%;  for Term 
lengths of 24 months or more, but less than 36 months, a price increase of 15%;  and for Term lengths of  36 months 
or longer, a price increase of 10%.    
(iv)     Client also acknowledges that billing may increase or change upon Clients requests or actions, including, but 
not limited to Clients submission or requests via the portal on Thrives website (Client Portal), direct requests to 
Third Party Providers (i. e. Microsoft), or for Service overages, where applicable.  
(d) Minimum Hardware, Operating System and Software Standards . 
Client agrees to maintain the minimum hardware, operating system and software standards (and licenses therefor) 
set forth in each Service Order or otherwise necessary to receive the Services, which may include, among other 
matters, versions of operating systems and hardware, security, data protection and environmental (HVAC, and 
electrical power) controls and network bandwidth  requirements (such minimum standards, as the same may be 
changed or s upplemented by Thrive from time -to-time being referred to as  Minimum Standards ). Unless 
otherwise contemplated by a Service Order, Thrive has no duty to assure or assess whether or not Clients network 
meets Minimum Standards and is not responsible for any loss, damages, costs or delays Client incurs or realizes 
as a result of or i n connection with the failure or malfunction of any part of Clients network or systems that do not 
meet Minimum Standards.  Client will reimburse Thrive for the out -of-pocket ex penses Thrive incurs and will pay 
Thrive (at the hourly rates specified in the applicable Service Order, and if no such rates are set forth in such 
Service Order, then at Thrives standard hourly rates) for the additional time Thrive devotes to the provisi on of 
Services as a result of or arising in connection with Clients network components managed by Thrive not adhering 
to the Minimum Standards. Client will also adhere to any Acceptable Use Policies that may be in effect from time to 
time and applicable t o all Thrive customers, which will be communicated or made available by Thrive on its website 
(https://thrivenextgen.com/acceptable -use-policy/), and which will be deemed incorporated by reference herein.   
(e) Access to Client Facilities . Client will provide Thrive access to and right to use all Clients facilities, including all 
hardware and software owned, leased or licensed by Client, to the extent reasonably necessary to enable Thrive to 
provide Services to Client in accordance with t hese General Terms and Conditions and any Service Order.  
(f) Thrive Equipment . Client will maintain and protect the equipment and other hardware and tangible goods placed 
by Thrive in the Clients possession or control (and that is not Clients property) in connection with the provision of 
Services (collectively, Thrive Hardware)  in good working condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and  will 
not modify, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, rent, lease, loan, transfer, or copy such Thrive Hardware 
(including any software or firmware that is part of,  incorporated into or running on the same). Client assumes all risk 
of compliance with any government regulation relating to the operation of Thrive Hardware, as well as the loss, 
damage, theft, or destruction thereof, while it is in the Clients possessio n or control or that of its agents, including 
any carrier (except any carrier transporting Thrive Hardware from Thrive to Client), and Client will reimburse Thrive 
for any costs of necessary repair or replacement (including shipping costs). Client will kee p Thrive Hardware free of 
all security interests, liens, and other encumbrances.  
2. TERM . 
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and, unless earlier terminated as permitted herein, will continue in 
effect during the Term or continuation of any Service Order (as defined therein) entered in connection herewith and 
thereafter in accorda nce with Section 9(e) below.     
3. PAYMENT S. 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 4 
(a) Fees and Charges . Client agrees to pay Thrive the fees, charges, expenses and other amounts for the Products 
and each Service specified in a Service Order during the Term of and as provided in such Service Order and in 
these General Terms and Conditions. In addition, Clie nt will be responsible for payment of all applicable sales and 
other taxes, and all surcharges and handling fees levied by third party suppliers, on Products and Services 
provided by Thrive.  
( b) Commencement of Billing . Thrive will, subject to Section 3(f) below, bill Client for Products included in a Service 
Order five (5) business days after Thrive notifies Client that the same is ready for shipment to Clients site (without 
regard to delays in Clients acceptance the reof).  Thrive will begin billing for one -time Services included in a Service 
Order upon commencement of such one -time Services.  Thrive will begin billing for each recurring Service included 
in a Service Order beginning (60) sixt y days from the date of Clients execution of such Service Order or, if earlier, 
beginning on the Service Provisioning Date of such Service, and continuing through the end of the Term of such 
Service Order as set forth therein.  
(c) Payment of Invoices . Invoices for fees, charges and other amounts charged hereunder, whether for Products, 
Services or otherwise, will be due and payable in full within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice therefor.  Thrive 
may charge Client a finance charge of one and one -half percent (1.50%) per month on balances (other than those 
disputed pursuant to Section 3(d) below) for which payment has not been received within thirty (30) days of the 
date of such invoice.  
(d) Disputes . If Client in good faith disputes any portion of an invoice, Client will promptly pay the undisputed portion 
of the invoice and submit to Thrive a written claim within thirty (30) days of the due date thereof as provided in 
Section 3(c) above describing i n reasonable detail the basis of the dispute, including claims of any breaches or 
failure of service by Thrive, and including any relevant supporting documentation.  After receipt of such claim, Thrive 
will undertake an investigation of the disp uted matters, and, subject to Thrives rights under Section 9 below, both 
Parties agree to make a good faith attempt to resolve the dispute promptly.  Any failure by Client to submit a written 
dispute with the information specified above within such thirty -day period will be deemed final agreement by Client 
without defense or counterclaim with all charges on the invoice for all purposes.  Client will be liable to Thrive for all 
reasonable fees and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and litigation costs, that Thrive incurs to collect 
amounts due to Thrive from Client under or in connection with this Agreement or any Service Order.  
(e) Expenses . Client agrees to reimburse Thrive for all reasonable and ordinary out -of-pocket expenses incurred by 
Thrive in delivering Products and Services to Client, such as parking, out -of-area travel expenses, international 
phone calls, and pay -per-incident third party support calls.  Thrive will itemize such expenses on Clients invoices 
and will not incur more than $250 of such expenses in any twelve (12) month period without Clients prior written 
approval.   
(f) Timing of Products Orders . Thrive reserves the right to delay procuring Products from third party suppliers 
pending Thrives receipt from Client of payment of all or any portion (as determined by Thrive in its discretion) of the 
price therefor set forth in the Service Order providing for such Products.  Thrive will notify Client of any requirement 
that Thrive receive payment for Products  in advance of Thrives ordering the same from third party suppliers and 
Thrive will not be responsible thereafter for any damages, costs or delays Client experiences as a result of the 
timing of the delivery of such Products to Client under any Service Or der.   
4. THIRD PARTY GOODS & SERVICES .   
(a) Third Party Providers . Client acknowledges that Services may include or incorporate goods or services 
manufactured, produced and/or delivered by third parties (Third -Party Providers).  Thrive hereby assigns to Client 
any warranties provided by Third Party Providers of goods a nd services that are resold by Thrive (to the extent 
permitted to be so assigned or passed through to Client) and Client agrees to pursue all defective product, quality, 
breach of warranty and other claims directly against such Thi rd-Party Providers and not against Thrive. Thrive will 
not be responsible for any such claims; however, Thrive will reasonably assist Client in resolving any performance, 
quality, breach of warranty or other claims of Client with the applicable Third -Party  Providers of such goods or 
services.  Client acknowledges that some Products cannot be returned or cancelled once ordered.  At the request of 
Client, Thrive will make a reasonable attempt to return Products to the Third -Party Provider and Client agrees to 
reimburse Thrive for any restocking fees and other out -of-pocket expenses Thrive may incur in connection 
therewith.  However, Client agrees that Thrive is under no obligation to take back from Client any Products ordered 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 5 
from Thrive if Thrive is unable to return those same Products to the Third -Party Provider.  Risk of loss or damage for 
Products purchased from Third -Party Providers will pass to Client when such Products are delivered to Client, unless 
otherwise agreed in a dvance in writing by Client and Thrive.   
(b) Software Licensing . Thrive may use its own third -party software licenses in provisioning Services under a Service 
Order, including among others, antivirus, antispyware and monitoring software (the  Software ). Thrives licenses to 
use such Software are and will remain Thrives property exclusively, and except as provided herein, Client will obtain 
no right to such licenses or the source code of the Software licensed thereby.  Thrive hereby grants to Client a non-
exclusive, worldwide, royalty -free, non -assignable and non -sublicensable license to use the Software solely in 
connection with Services for which such Software is utilized (a License), which License will terminate immediately 
upon termination of such Services.  Thrive may terminate such License a nd any Services for which such License is 
utilized if it determines that Client has breached the terms of the License.  Upon termination of the License, Client will 
immediately cease to use the Software and related documentation and certify to Thrive within  ten (10) days after 
termination that Client has, at Thrives option, either destroyed or returned to Thrive the Software and all 
documentation and related information, and all copies thereof, whether or not modified or merged into other materials.  
5. DISCLAIMER , LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  AND INDEMNIFICATION . 
(a) System Limitations . Client acknowledges that no network, system, device, hardware, software, or component 
can be made fully secure and, accordingly, agrees that Thrive shall not be liable for  damages arising from or in 
connection with loss of data or breach of privacy of in formation technology systems except to the extent that 
Thrive's gross negligence or fraud (and not, e.g., equipment failure, software failure, phishing attacks or other 
fraudulent acts of third parties, or Client's failure to follow  Thrive's advice) is the direct and primary cause of such 
loss or breach.  
(b) Warranty Disclaimer . 
OTHER THAN THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SERVICE ORDERS, THRIVE MAKES NO 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING PRODUCTS OR SERVICES 
AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED  TO ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT.  
(c) Limitation of Liability . 
(i)     IN NO EVENT SHALL THRIVE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT 
OR ANY BREACH HEREOF, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THRIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR 
LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES.    
(ii)     EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF THRIVES GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD THRIVE SHALL IN NO EVENT 
BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES ARISING UNDER OR IN CONN ECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 
PROVISION OF SERVICES HEREUNDER IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT OF FEES FOR 
SERVICES PAID BY CLIENT TO THRIVE IN RESPECT OF THE THREE (3) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY 
PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABI LITY OCCURED, AND SUCH 
LIABILITY WILL TERMINATE ONE YEAR FROM THE DATE OF THE EVENT WHICH GAVE RISE TO THE 
CLAIM.  
(iii)     EACH PARTY, AS A MUTUAL INDUCEMENT TO THE OTHER PARTY TO ENTER INTO AND PERFORM 
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, EXPRESSLY WAI VES ITS RIGHT TO ASSERT ANY CLAIM 
FOR THE DAMAGES PRECLUDED IN THIS SECTION 5(C) AND AGREES NOT TO SEEK TO RECOVER ANY 
SUCH DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING ARISING UNDER 
OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT.    
(d) Mutual Indemnification . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Party (an "Indemnifying Party") shall 
defend at its own expense the other Party, including the other Party's directors, officers, employees, agents and 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 6 
affiliates (collectively, the "Indemnified Party"), from and against any and all third -party claims, demands, suits or 
actions to the extent resulting from or arising out of the Indemnifying Party's (i) grossly negligent acts or omissions 
or fraud in conne ction with this Agreement, (ii) violation of any statute, law, ordinance or regulation, or (iii) 
infringement of any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other rights of a third 
party (each, an "Indemnifiable Claim") . Without limitation of the foregoing, the Indemnifying Party shall indemnify 
and hold harmless the Indemnified Party from and against any and all damages, judgments, awards, expenses, 
and costs (including without limitation those of the type described in Section 5(c)(i) above) that are awarded and 
payable to the third party by a court of competent jurisdiction with respect to an Indemnifiable Claim or that are 
payable pursuant to a settlement thereof made or approved by the Indemnifying Party.   The Indemni fying Party 
shall have right to defend any Indemnifiable Claim with counsel of its choosing.  
6.           INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS .   
(a) Thrive Intellectual Property . Thrive retains right, title and interest in and to the Services, all intellectual property 
rights contained therein, and all modifications, alterations, derivative works and enhancements made thereto 
(collectively,  Thrive IP ). Client may not modify or create derivative works from or copy any ideas, Features, 
functions or graphics of the Services or Thrive IP or modify or make derivative works based thereon, or offer the 
Services on a timeshare or service bureau (including so ftware -as-a-service) basis.  Client may use Thrive IP in 
accordance herewith and an y Service Order solely as necessary to utilize Services for its own account and 
otherwise will not disclose or use Thrive IP for any purpose.  
(b) Client Intellectual Property . Client retains all right, title and interest in and to all of Clients intellectual property 
rights transmitted by or on behalf of Client to Thrive in connection with the Services (collectively,  Client IP ). Thrive 
may not modify or create derivative works from or copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the Client IP or 
modify or make derivative works based thereon.  Thrive may use Client IP in accordance herewith and any Service 
Order in connect ion with providin g Services to Client and otherwise will not disclose or use Client IP for any 
purpose.    
7. CONFIDENTIALITY . 
(a) Confidential Information  means any and all information, including third party information, disclosed by one Party 
(Disclosing Party) to the other Party (Recipient) during the term of this Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that 
in connection with this Agreement each may rece ive from the other certain non -public information regarding the 
other Partys financial condition, suppliers, clients, business plans and other information not generally known to the 
public, including, without limitation, the t erms and conditions of this Agreement.  Recipient agrees that it will (a) hold 
in confidence and not disclose to any third party any Confidential Information of Disclosing Party, except in 
accordance with this Agreement; (b) protect such Confidential Inform ation with at least the same degree of care that 
Recipient uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a similar nature, but in no case, less than reasonable 
care; (c) use the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information for no purpose other than fo r the purpose of this 
Agreement (the Permitted Use); (d) limit access to Disclosing Partys Confidential Information to those of 
Recipients employees or individual contractors having a need to know as part of the Permitted Use and who have 
signed confid entiality agreements containing, or are otherwise bound by, confidentiality obligations at least as 
restrictive as those contained herein; and (e) notify Disclosing Party promptly upon discovery of any loss or 
unauthorized disclosure of Disclosing Partys Confidential Information.  Recipient shall promptly return to the 
Disclosing Party or destroy such Confidential Information upon the Disclosing Partys request; provided that the 
Recipient is not obligated to delete, purge or expunge Confidential Informatio n maintained on its backup servers and 
similar devices in the ordinary course of its business or in compliance with the law (but nevertheless remains 
obligated under this Section 7 with respect to any such retained Confidential Information). The obligation  to maintain 
the confidentiality of Confidential Information shall continue for so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and 
for a period of two (2) years after the termination hereof, except that the obligation to maintain the confidentiality of 
trade secrets shall continue in perpetuity.  If the Parties have entered into a separate non -disclosure or other 
agreement regulating the use or disclosure of the Parties respective information, then the terms of such separate 
agreement will control in the event of a conflict between such separate agreement and this Section 7.   
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 7 
8.  HIRING OF REPRESENTATIVES .  
For so long as this Agreement remains in effect and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, neither Party will employ, 
hire, contract with, or otherwise engage, or seek to employ, hire, contract with, or otherwise engage, any individual 
who at any time in  the preceding twelve (12) months was an employee of the other Party involved in the provisioning 
or receiving of Services under any Service Order; provided, however, that the foregoing will not apply to any such 
employee who (a) responds to a general medi a advertisement or non -directed search inquiry; (b) makes an 
unsolicited contact for employment; or (c) was in discussions with such Party regarding possible engagement or 
employment prior to providing or receiving Services under such Service Order; or (d)  is referred to such Party by 
search firms, employment agencies, referral services or other similar entities, provided that such entities have not 
been instructed by such party to solicit the employees of the other party.  The Parties agree that any breach of this 
Section 8 will result in irreparable injury to the other Party for which monetary damages alone would not be an 
adequate remedy.  Therefore, the Parties agree that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Section 8 
by the other Party, t he non -breaching Party will be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable 
relief as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach without the necessity proving the inadequacy of money 
damages or of posting a bond or other securi ty. 
9. TERMINATION . 
(a) Termination of Agreement and Service Orders for Breach of Terms.   
(i)     Breach of terms of General Terms & Conditions.  Each Party may notify the other Party if the other Party 
breaches the terms of these General Terms and Conditions, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the 
nature of such breach and including relevant supporting documentation.  Unless the breaching Party within thirty 
(30) days of its receipt of such notice either cures or remedies the b reach described in such notice in all material 
respects or provides the other Party with a reasonable written plan for doing so, the other Party may, without 
limitation of its other rights and remedies under applicable law, terminate this Agreement by prov iding written notice 
of termination to the breaching Party.  
(ii)     Breach of terms of a Service Order. Each Party may notify the other Party if the other Party breaches the 
terms of any Service Order, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the nature of such breach and including 
relevant supporting documentation.  Unless the breaching Party within thirty (30) days of its receipt of such notice 
either cures or remedies the breach described in such notice in all material respects or provides the ot her Party with 
a reasonable written plan for doing so, the other Party may, without limitation of its other rights and remedies under 
applicable law, terminate those Services under such Service Order as to which such breach relates (and not this 
Agreement,  other Services provided under such Service Order or any other Service Order as may then be in effect) 
by providing written notice of termination to the breaching Party.    
(b) Suspension or Termination of Services by Thrive for Failure to Pay.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 
9(a) above, in the event Client does not timely make payments under this Agreement (other than amounts timely 
disputed in accordance with Section 3(d) above, pending the resolution of such disputes) and such payme nt(s) is 
(are) not made by Client within ten (10) days of receiving written notice thereof from Thrive (which notice may be 
delivered to Client in the same manner as Thrive sends invoic es to Client in the ordinary course), Thrive may, 
without limitation of its other rights and remedies under applicable law, suspend or terminate providing Services to 
Client under any or all Service Orders as may then be in effect, and Thrive will have no liability for any damages 
incurred or realized by Client as a result of such suspension or termination of any such Services.  No such 
suspension or termination of Service under a Service Order due to Clients non -payment will relieve Client of its 
obligatio ns to pay all charges and other amounts and otherwise comply with and fulfill its obligations under this 
Agreement, including under that or any other Service Order as may be in effect.  If Services are suspended for non -
payment, lapse in service will not co unt towards completion of the Term of such Services.  
(c) Suspension . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9(a) above, Thrive may suspend the Services 
immediately upon notice to Client if: (i) Client materially violates (or Thrive believes in good faith that Client has 
materially violated) any provision of this Agreem ent or any provision of the applicable Thrive Acceptable Use Policy 
(https://thrivenextgen.com/acceptable -use-policy/); (ii) there is an unusual and material spike or increase in Clients 
use of the Services and Thrive  believes, in good faith , that such traffic or use is fraudulent or materially and 
negatively impacting the operating capability of the Services; or (iii) Thrive determines in good faith that its provision 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 8 
of the Services is prohibited by applicable Law; or (iv) Thrive determines in good faith that Client is using the 
Products or Services in violation of applicable law or for an otherwise unlawful purpose. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Thrive will use comme rcially reasonable efforts to (x) provide Client as much prior notice as possible of 
any situation that it is aware of that could lead to a right to suspend described in this subsection, and (y) work with 
Client to remedy any situation that could lead to a  right to suspend described in this subsection if such situation can 
be remedied.  
(d) Duties Upon Termination or Expiration.   
(i)     Payment of Obligations/Return of Property.  Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement or any 
Service Order, Client will pay the full amount of all unpaid invoices issued under any outstanding Service Order and 
any other payment obligations specif ied in each outstanding Service Order (other than amounts timely disputed in 
accordance with Section 3(d) above, pending the resolution of such disputes).  In addition, excluding any software 
and hardware that is the Clients property, Client will return all software and hardware provided to Client by Thrive in 
good working condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and free from all liens, charges and encumbrances 
within thirty (30) days of expiration or termination of this Agreement or the applicable Service Order(s).  
(ii)     Termination Status Reporting; Further Services. Upon expiration or termination of any Service under any 
Service Order and following Thrives receipt of all amounts then due and pay able to Thrive under this Agreement as 
relates to such expired or terminated Service (other than amounts timely disputed in accordance with Section 3(d) 
above, pending the resolution of such disputes) Thrive will (A) report to Client on the status of the S ervice as 
reasonably requested by Client and, if requested by Client, (B) assist Client in winding down or transferring the 
terminated or expired Service to Client or its designee (such assistance being referred to as Migration Services) in 
accordance wi th a mutually agreed separate Service Order signed by the Parties setting forth the terms and 
conditions thereof, which will include, among other terms to which Parties may agree, Client agreeing to pay Thrive 
for such Migration Services, if applicable, at  the hourly rates set forth in the Service Order under which such Service 
was provided (and if no such rates are set forth in such Service Order, then at hourly rates agreed to by the 
Parties).  Except as set forth above in this Section 9(d)(ii) and, if app licable, any Service Order providing for the 
provision of Migration Services, Thrive will have no duty or obligation to provide any Products or Service or any 
other service or assistance to Client following the expiration or termination of a Service in acc ordance herewith.   
(e) Survival . The following provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 3 
(Payments), Section 4 (Third Party Products & Services), Section 5 (Warranties, Disclaimer and Limitation of 
Liability), Section 6 (Intellectual Property Rig hts), Section 7 (Confidentiality), Section 8 (Hiring of Representatives), 
this Section 9 (Termination), Section 10 (Force Majeure), and Section 11 (General Terms).  
10. FORCE MAJEURE .  
Except for payment obligations, neither Party will be liable for any failure or delay in performance of its obligations 
under this Agreement arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly, by circumstances or causes beyond its 
reasonable control , includ ing, without limitation, fire, pandemics or other casualty, acts of God, fiber cuts or Internet 
delays, delay or failure of Third -Party Providers, war, terrorism, or other violence or criminal acts, any law, order, 
requirement or act of any government or g overnmental agency or authority or other causes beyond the reasonable 
control of such Party.  A Party affected by such a force majeure event shall inform the other Party promptly upon the 
occurrence thereof (including a reasonable estimate of the additional  time required for resumed  performance to the 
extent determinable) and such Party shall use  reasonable commercial efforts to resume performance hereunder as 
soon as reasonably practicable.    
11. GENERAL TERMS . 
(a) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Venue . This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to the conflicts or choice of law provisions 
thereof that would give rise to the application of the domestic substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. The Parties 
agree that any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be broug ht only in, and hereby submit 
irrevocably to the jurisdiction of, the state or federal courts sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and 
hereby waive any objections to the jurisdiction, venue or convenience of any such courts.  EACH PARTY WAIVES 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 9 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY 
JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.  
(b) Assignment . Neither Party may assign its rights or delegate its duties hereunder without the prior written 
consent of the other Party; provided that either Party may assign its rights hereunder to, and cause its obligations 
hereunder to be assumed by, a successor to  substantially all of the assets or business of such Party.  If there is any 
assignment or delegation in violation of any of the foregoing restrictions, the non -breaching Party may terminate 
this Agreement and all Service Orders as may then be  in effect upon written notice within ninety (90) days after 
notice or discovery of such assignment.  
(c) Headings . The section headings herein are for ease of reference and convenience only and are not to be 
considered in the interpretation of this Agreement.  
(d) Interpretation . Neither Party shall be considered the drafter of this Agreement or any schedule, addendum or 
exhibit as may be made part thereof so as to give rise to any presumption or convention regarding construction 
hereof or any such other writing.   
(e) Integration; Severability . Except as provided in Section 7 above with respect to separate nondisclosure or 
confidentiality agreements between the Parties, this Agreement, including any Service Orders, sets forth the entire 
agreement and understandings between the Parties hereto wi th respect to the subject matter hereof, and merges 
all previous and contemporaneous discussions and negotiations between the Parties and supersedes and replaces 
any other agreement that may be in effect as of the date hereof b etween the Parties or their respective subsidiaries 
or other affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof.  Without limitation of the foregoing, this Agreement 
supersedes and replaces in its entirety any Master Services Agreement or similar docume nt as may be in effect 
as of the date hereof between the Parties or their respective subsidiaries, predecessors -in-interest, or other 
affiliates (any such agreement being referred to as the Original Agreement). The parties agree that any 
statements of w ork, service orders and similar writings as may be outstanding and in effect under the Original 
Agreement (the Outstanding SOs) are, from and after the date hereof, Service Orders for all purposes of these 
General Terms and Conditions and the Master Service Agreement or similar agreement referenced in the 
Outstanding SOs shall from and after the date hereof be a reference instead to these General Terms and 
Conditions.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, all amounts due to Thrive under the terms of the Ori ginal Agreement or 
Outstanding SOs remain due  in accordance with the terms of the Original Agreement or Outstanding SOs,  and 
unless otherwise specified herein, no such amounts are settled, released or compromised hereby.   This Agreement 
will be interpreted  in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision hereof will 
be prohibited or invalid under any such law, such provision will be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or 
invalidity, without invalidating or n ullifying the remainder of such provision or any other provisions of this 
Agreement.  If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is for any reason held to be excessively broad 
as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, such provisi ons will be construed by limiting and reducing it 
so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.   
(f) No Third -Party Beneficiaries . There are no third -party beneficiaries of this Agreement or any schedule, 
addendum or exhibit as may be made part hereof.  
(g) Residual Knowledge . Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent or in any way limit Thrive from using general 
knowledge, skill and expertise acquired in the performance of this Agreement in any current or subsequent 
engagement or business.  Client shall have no interest in such engagements or business.  
(h) Signatures, Amendments and Waivers and Exercise of Rights . 
(i) Signatures.  This Agreement and amendments or modifications hereof and consents and waivers relating hereto 
may be executed, issued and accepted electronically (via authenticated digital or similar electronic means) and will 
be effective when transmitted bearing a cop y of a manual, digital or electronic signature.  
(ii) Amendments and Waivers.  Amendments to and waivers of the provisions of this Agreement must be in writing 
(including in a digital format) and signed as provided in Section 11(h)(i) above.    
(iii) Exerci se of Rights.  Except as otherwise provided herein, no failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right, 
power or remedy will operate as a waiver thereof; nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or 
remedy hereunder preclude any other or further e xercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information                                                         MSA Thrive Operations Limited  v4d 
CON -041381  
 10 
remedy.  
(i) Notices . Notices required or permitted to be provided hereunder will be in writing and,  except as otherwise 
provided herein, will be valid and sufficient if delivered in person or sent by nationally recognized overnight courier 
or by email addressed to the Partie s at the addresses listed on the cover page of this Agreement.  Notices will be 
deemed received by the Party to whom notice is addressed on the date delivered, if delivered in person or by email, 
or on the next business day after being provided t o a nationally recognized overnight courier service, delivery 
charges prepaid, for next day delivery. The official text of the Agreement or any notices required hereby shall be in 
English.  
(j) Publicity . Each Party may use the other Partys name and logo on its website and printed materials to identify 
Thrive as a service provider to Client.  
(k) Independent Contractor . Each of the Parties is an independent contractor and neither Party is, nor will be 
considered to be, an agent, distributor or representative of the other.  All personnel supplied or used by each Party 
will be its employees or subcontractors and each Party  assumes full responsibility for the actions of such personnel 
and for the payment of their compensation (including, if applicable, withholding of income taxes and the payment 
and withholding of social security and other payroll t axes), workers compensation, disability benefits and the like to 
the extent applicable.  
END OF GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS