Front ier Services Agree ment  
Terms and Conditions  
Frontier Confidential  
Ver. 04252022   This Frontier Services Agreement  
 August  31, 2022 
 , by and between Frontier Communications 
of America, Inc. on behalf of itself and its affiliates which provide Equi
 Frontier
Select Medical Corporation dba Ten4 for SPT - Danbury CT , whose primary address is 30 Germantown Rd, Ste 1 A, Danbury, CT 06810  
(
 .   
This document  incorpora tes th e complete Frontier Services Agreement terms and c onditions  
at http://www.Frontier.com/FSA  
Provision of Services  and Equipment  
Frontier will p rovide and the Customer agre es to pay for the  communications, installation and maintenance  services  (collectively 
), and/or purchase or lease equipment  
Equipment
 , described in this FSA  and Schedules issued by Frontier and executed by 
Customer .  
Customer acknowledges that certain  Services may be governed by tariff  or price schedule filed with the Federal Communications 
Commission and/ or the s tate public utilities commission . In the event of any inconsistencies between this FSA  and an applicable tariff, the 
tariff  shall control  except with respect  to pricing, early termination charges or cancellation charges for which this FSA  shall control .   
Term  
The term of this FSA will commence as of the date identified in the introductory paragraph above or the date the FSA is executed by both 
and will continue through the Service  Term with respect to any Service or Equipment 
provided pursuant to this FSA . Customer will purchase the Services , or lease Equipme nt, identified in each Schedule for the period of 
time stated in the Schedule (the 
 Term
 ).  If neither party provides the other with written notice of its intent to terminate a 
Service at least sixty (60) days prior to expiration, t he Service Term  of each Service will automatically renew for additional one -year 
periods, subject to the terms and conditions of this FSA  and at the then applicable one -year term rate, excluding promotional rates .  If the 
parties agree to negotiated renewal terms, such t erms will not be effective unless and until documented in writing and executed by both 
parties.  
Payment  
Customer shall pay all charges set forth in the Schedules and in applicable tariffs during the Service Term .  Frontier will invoice Customer 
any non -recu
 ), 
 , and usage based charges .   
In addition to the applicable charges set forth in the tariffs and Schedules, Customer shall pay all applicable federal, state or local sales, 
use, privilege, gross rece ipts, utility , value added, excise or other taxes ( excluding  taxes based on 
  net income), or any charges in 
lieu thereof, and any applicable surcharges or fees, whether government mandated or Frontier initiated in the amounts applicable at the 
time of billing.  Customer shall also be responsible for third party charges and penalties incurred as a 
Services  or Equipment .   
Cancellation and Early Termination Charges  
If Customer cancels any Service or Equipment prior t o delivery of any E quipment or installation  of the Service  or Equipment , Customer 
shall pay a cancellation charge  equal to  the NRC and  one (1) month of MRC  for the Service, plus the total costs and expen ditures  of 
Frontier in connection with establishing  the 
 any 
Equipment restocking fees .   
Following installation, Customer may terminate a Service or Equipment by providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notic e to 
Frontier. All unpaid amounts shall be due upon termination of any Service identified in a Schedule for any reason. In addition, and unless 
otherwise specifically provided in the applicable Schedule, if any Service  or Equipment is terminated by Custome r for any reason other 
than breach  by Frontier  or by Frontier 
 breach , then Customer shall pay Frontier a termination charge equal to the 
applicable MRC and all related taxes and surcharges multiplied by the number of months remaining in t he Service Term.   Partial months 
shall be prorated.   
Customer agrees  
 impossible to ascertain , and that t he charges 
identified in this FSA  are intended  to establish liquidated da mag es in the event of termination an d are not intended as a penalty.  
Dispute Resolution  
Except as otherwise specifically provided in or permitted by this FSA , all disputes arising in connection with this FSA  shall first be 
resolved through good faith negot iation.  If, after negotiating in good faith for a period of ninety (90) calendar days, or any agreed further 
period, the parties are unable to resolve the dispute, then each party  may seek resolution by exercising any rights or remedies available at 
Front ier Services Agree ment  
Terms and Conditions  
Frontier Confidential  
Ver. 04252022  law o r in equity.  Customer and Frontier agree that each  may  only  bring claims against the other in an individual capacity and not as a 
plaintiff or class member in any purported class, representative, or private attorney general proceeding.  
Authorization and Entire Agreement  
Each party represents that the person executing this FSA is authorized to enter into this FSA on its behalf. This FSA, the te rms and 
conditions , including the Limitation of liability, warranty, indemnification, breach and other terms and c ond itions,  at 
http://www.Frontier.com/FSA , and any Schedules executed by the parties constitute the entire agreement between the parties 
pertaining to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior oral and written proposals, correspondence and memoranda with 
respect thereto. This FSA may not be modified, amended or supplemented except by written agreement signed by an authorized 
representative of each party . 
Frontier Communications of America, Inc.  
 Select Medical Corporation dba Ten4 for SPT - Danbury CT  
Signature:   Signature:   
Printed Name:        Printed Name:        
Title:        Title:        
Date:        Date:        
Contractual 
Notice:  Frontier Communications  
111 Field Street  
Rochester, NY 14620  
Attn: Legal Departme nt  Contractual 
Notice:  address above  
Attn:  Legal Department   
Paul Finkbeiner (Sep 1, 2022 14:17 EDT)Paul Finkbeiner 
Sep 1, 2022
Paul Finkbeiner
Vice President, IT
Frontier Fiber Contract - FSA for Danbury CT
Final Audit Report 2022-09-01
Created: 2022-09-01
By: Tonya Farling (tfarling@selectmedical.com)
Status: Signed
Transaction ID: CBJCHBCAABAANCMlHmiaN4A9ANu1gamdJUQ9_1pDeQ4B
"Frontier Fiber Contract - FSA for Danbury CT" History
Document created by Tonya Farling (tfarling@selectmedical.com)
2022-09-01 - 2:06:50 PM GMT- IP address: 204.90.98.254
Document emailed to pfinkbeiner@selectmedical.com for signature
2022-09-01 - 2:27:43 PM GMT
Email viewed by pfinkbeiner@selectmedical.com
2022-09-01 - 6:16:59 PM GMT- IP address: 204.90.98.254
Signer pfinkbeiner@selectmedical.com entered name at signing as Paul Finkbeiner
2022-09-01 - 6:17:25 PM GMT- IP address: 204.90.98.254
Document e-signed by Paul Finkbeiner (pfinkbeiner@selectmedical.com)
Signature Date: 2022-09-01 - 6:17:26 PM GMT - Time Source: server- IP address: 204.90.98.254
Agreement completed.
2022-09-01 - 6:17:26 PM GMT