1/6 1. Provision of Terms
 A.     General Terms
The purchase, provision, and use of the Services is subject to the terms
contained in this Agreement, the Order Forms, the Online Terms of
Services, included at (the  https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/eulatos.html
), and the Service Attachments applicable to Online Terms of Service
Customers Services. All these documents are hereby incorporated into
and form a part of this Agreement. RingCentral may update the Online
Terms of Services from time to time, and will provide notice to Customer at
the email address on file with the Account. Such updates will become
effective thirty (30) days after such notice to Customer.
 terms not defined in this Agreement have the meaning given to Capitalized
them in the Online Terms of Service.
 2. Ordering and Term
 A.     Ordering Services
Customer may order the Services set forth in the relevant Attachments,
attached hereto, by executing an Order Form in the format provided by
RingCentral. Customer must submit the Order Form to RingCentral either
in writing or electronically via the Administrative Portal. The Order Form
will identify the Services requested by Customer together with: (i) the price
for each Service; (ii) scheduled Start Date; (iii) and products rented,
licensed or sold to Customer, if any. An Order Form will become binding
when it is executed by the Customer and accepted by RingCentral.
RingCentral may accept an Order Form by commencing performance of
the requested Services. The Services and invoicing for those Services will
begin on the Start Date, as identified in the applicable Order Form or on
the day Services are ordered via the Administrative Portal. Customer may
purchase additional Services, software, and equipment via the
Administrative Portal or by executing additional Order Forms.
 B.     Term of this Agreement
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and
continue until the last Order Form is terminated or expires, unless
terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.
 C.     Services Term
The Services Term will begin on the Start Date of the initial Order Form
and continue for the initial term set forth in the initial Order Form ( Initial
). Upon expiration of the Initial Term, unless otherwise set forth inTerm
the Order Form, recurring Services will automatically renew for successive
periods as set forth in the initial Order Form (each a  ) Renewal Term
unless either Party gives notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days
before the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term.
The term of any recurring Services added to your Account after the initial
Order Form is executed will start on the Start Date in the applicable Order
Form, will run coterminously with the then-current Term of any preexisting
Services unless otherwise extended in the applicable Order Form, and will
be invoiced on the same billing cycles as the preexisting Services.MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
 (together with its Attachments, the ) is made by and between THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT Agreement RingCentral, Inc., a Delaware
 , ( ), and , located at the corporation with its primary office at 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002 RingCentral Catalyst Technology Group (CTG)
address set forth in the Order Form ( ). RingCentral and Customer may be individually referred to as a  or collectively as the Customer Party
. This Agreement is effective as of the last date of signature below ( . Parties Effective Date)
 D.     Service Attachments
In addition to the Service Attachments referenced in the Online Terms of
Services, the Parties may agree to add additional Service Attachments
to this Agreement.
Service Attachment A: Office Services
 3. Invoicing and Payment
 A.     Prices and Charges
All prices are identified in  on the Administrative Portal or in US dollars
the applicable Order Form unless otherwise agreed by the Parties.
Additional charges may result if Customer activates additional features,
exceeds usage thresholds, or purchases additional Services or
equipment. Customer will be liable for all charges resulting from use of
the Services on its Account.
Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, recurring charges for the
Services begin on the Start Date identified in the Administrative Portal or
in the applicable Order Form, and will continue for the Term. Recurring
charges (such as charges for Digital Lines, product licenses, minute
bundles, and equipment rental fees) will, unless otherwise agreed
between the Parties, once incurred, remain in effect for the then-current
Term. RingCentral will provide notice of any proposed increase in such
charges no later than sixty (60) days before the end of the Initial Term or
then-current Renewal Term, and any such increase will be effective on
the first day of the next Renewal Term.
Administrative Fees that RingCentral is entitled to pass on to its
customers as a surcharge pursuant to applicable Law may be increased
on thirty (30) days written notice.
Outbound calling rates will be applied based on the rate then in effect at
the time of use. Customer may locate the currently effective rates in the
Administrative Portal.
 B.     Invoicing and Payment
Invoices will be issued in accordance with the payment terms set forth in
the Order Form. If Customer chooses to pay by credit or debit card, by
providing a valid credit or debit card, Customer is expressly  authorizing
all Services and equipment charges and fees to be charged to such
payment card, including recurring payments billed on a monthly or
annual basis. In addition, Customers provided credit card shall be used
for any in month purchases of additional services and products, or
where Customer has exceeded usage or threshold limits, any overage
charges.
2/6Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Order Form, recurring charges
are billed in advance in the frequency set forth in the Order Form, and
usage-based and onetime charges are billed monthly in arrears. Customer
shall make payment in full, without deduction or set-off, within thirty (30)
days of the invoice date. Any payment not made when due may be subject
to a late payment fee equivalent to the lesser of (i) one and a half percent
(1.5%) per month or (ii) if applicable, the highest rate allowed by Law. In
no event may payment be subject to delays due to Customer internal
purchase order process.
 C.     Taxes
All rates, fees, and charges are exclusive of applicable Taxes, for which
Customer is solely responsible. Taxes may vary based on jurisdiction and
the Services provided. If any withholding tax is levied on the payments,
then Customer must increase the sums paid to RingCentral so that the
amount received by RingCentral after the withholding tax is deducted is
the full amount RingCentral would have received if no withholding or
deduction had been made. If Customer is a tax-exempt entity, tax
exemption will take effect upon provision to and validation by RingCentral
of certificate of tax exemption.
 4. Termination
 A.     Termination for Cause
Either Party may terminate this Agreement and any Services purchased
hereunder in whole or part by giving written notice to the other Party: i) if
the other Party breaches any material term of this Agreement and fails to
cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice; ii) at
the written recommendation of a government or regulatory agency
following a change in either applicable Law or the Services; or iii) upon the
commencement by or against the other Party of insolvency, receivership
or bankruptcy proceedings or any other proceedings or an assignment for
the benefit of creditors.
 B.     Effect of Termination
If Customer terminates the Services, a portion of the Services, or this
Agreement in its entirety due to RingCentrals material breach under
Section 4(A), Customer will not owe any fees or charges for the Services
in respect of any period subsequent to the date of such written notice
(except those arising from continued usage before the cancelled Services
are disconnected), and will be entitled to a pro-rata refund of any prepaid
and unused fees for the cancelled Services being terminated.
If this Agreement or any Services are terminated for any reason other than
as a result of a material breach by RingCentral or as otherwise permitted
pursuant to Section 4(A), the Customer must, to the extent permitted by
applicable Law and without limiting any other right or remedy of
RingCentral, pay within thirty (30) days of such termination all amounts
that have accrued prior to such termination, as well as all sums remaining
unpaid for the Services for the remainder of the then-current Term plus
related Taxes and fees. C.     Trial Period
In addition to the above, Customer may cancel any Services purchased
under this Agreement with written notice to RingCentral within thirty (30)
days of the date in which the purchase becomes effective. Except as
otherwise provided in the Agreement between the Parties, in the event
of a timely cancelation, Customer shall not owe any fees or charges for
the Services being canceled in respect of any period subsequent to the
date of such written notice (except those arising from continued Usage),
and shall be entitled to a pro-rata refund of any prepaid and unused fees
for the Services subject to the  . All purchases are final after  cancelation
30 days.
 5. Miscellaneous
 A.      Entire Agreement
The Agreement, together with any exhibits, Order Forms, and
Attachments, each of which is expressly incorporated into this
Agreement with this reference, constitutes the entire agreement
between the Parties and supersedes and replaces any and all prior or
contemporaneous understandings, proposals, representations,
marketing materials, statements, or agreements, whether oral, written,
or otherwise, regarding such subject.
 B.     Order of Precedence
In the event of a conflict between these documents, the following shall
have precedence in interpretation: (a) the applicable Order Form, (b)
any applicable Service Attachments, (c) this Master Services
Agreement, and (d) the Online Terms of Service.
 C.     Execution
Each Party represents and warrants that: (a) it possesses the legal right
and capacity to enter into the Agreement and to perform all of its
obligations thereunder; (b) the individual signing the Agreement and
(each executable part thereof) on that Partys behalf has full power and
authority to execute and deliver the same; and (c) the Agreement will be
a binding obligation of that Party. Each Party agrees that an Electronic
Signature, whether digital or encrypted, is intended to authenticate this
Agreement and to have the same force and effect as manual signatures.
 D.     Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed electronically and in separate
counterparts each of which when taken together will constitute one in
the same original.
3/6
 the Parties have executed this Agreement below through their duly  representatives. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, authorized
Catalyst Technology Group (CTG) RingCentral, Inc.
By: \s1\ By:
Name: \n1\ Name: Carson Hostetter
Title: \t1\ Title: SVP, Field Sales
Date: \d1\ Date: \d1\
Managing Partner 
2/5/2021Michael Watson
2/5/2021
4/6SERVICE ATTACHMENT A
SERVICE ATTACHMENT – RINGCENTRAL OFFICE SERVICES
This Service Attachment is a part of the Master Services Agreement (the ) that includes the terms and conditions agreed by the Parties Agreement
under which RingCentral will provide to the Customer the RingCentral Office Services as described under the applicable Order Form.
1.Service Overview
RingCentral Office is a cloud-based unified communications service that includes enterprise-class voice, fax, text, call handling, mobile apps, and
BYOD capability that integrates with a growing list of applications.
RingCentral Office includes
 •      Voice Services, including extension-to-extension calling and the ability to make and receive calls to and from the public switched
telephone network (PSTN) 
 •      Video and audio-conferencing service, including screen sharing
 •      Collaboration Tools, including One-to-One and Team Chat, File Sharing, task management, SMS/Texting (where available) and other
innovative tools
RingCentral Office Services may be accessed from a variety of user End Points, including IP Desk Phones, Desktop Clients, Web Clients, Mobile
Applications, and Software Integrations.
2.Office Purchase Plans
 A.    Tiers of Service
RingCentral Office is made available in several pricing tiers, which are described more fully at https://www.ringcentral.com/office/plansandpricing.html
While RingCentral offers unlimited monthly plans for some of its products and services, RingCentral Services are intended for regular business use.
"Unlimited" use does not permit any use otherwise prohibited by the Acceptable Use Policy, available at 
 , including trunking, access stimulation, reselling of the Services, etc. https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/acceptable-use-policy.html
 B.    Minute and Calling Credit Bundles.
Minute Bundles, e.g., Toll Free Minute Bundles, can be purchased in incremental buckets of minute in addition to any number of minutes included
with the purchased tier. Inbound minutes are deducted from included minutes, purchased Minute Bundles, or charged as overage at the Toll-Free 
rates currently in effect.
International Calling Credit Bundles can be purchased in addition to any base amount included with the purchased tier.
International External Calls are charged against Calling Credits on the Account per destination rates, or as overage once Calling Credits are
exceeded. Currently effective rates are available at . https://www.ringcentral.com/support/international-rates.html
Extension-to-Extension Calls within the Customer account never incur any usage fee and are unlimited, except to the extent that such calls are
forwarded to another number that is not on the Customer account.
Additional Calling Credits may be purchased through the Auto-Purchase feature, which can be selected for automatic purchase in various increments
on the Administrative Portal. Auto-Purchase is triggered when the combined usage of all End Users on an Account exceeds the total Calling Credits
or when End Users make calls with additional fees  . (e.g., 411)
Minute Bundles and Calling Credit Bundles expire at the end of month and cannot roll over to the following month. Auto-Purchased Calling Credits
expire twelve (12) months from date of purchase. Bundles may not be sold, transferred, assigned, or applied to any other customer.
 3.Operator Assisted Calling, 311, 511 and other N11 Calling.
RingCentral does not support 0+ or operator assisted calling (including, without limitation, collect calls, third party billing calls, 900, or calling card
calls). The Services may not support 211, 311, 411, 511 and/or N11 calling in one or more service areas. Additional charges may apply for these
calls.
5/64.Directory Listing Service
RingCentral offers directory listing (the Directory Listing Service). If Customer subscribes to the Directory Listing Service, RingCentral will share
certain Customer Contact Data with third parties as reasonably necessary to include in the phone directory (Listing Information). This information
may include, but is not limited to, Customers company name, address, and phone numbers. Customer  RingCentral to use and disclose authorizes
the Listing Information for the purpose of publishing in, and making publicly available through, third-party directory listing services, to be selected by
RingCentral or third-party service providers in their sole discretion. Customer acknowledges and agrees that by subscribing to the Directory Listing
Service, Customers Listing Information may enter the public domain and that RingCentral cannot control third parties use of such information
obtained through the Directory Listing Service.
Opt Out.i.  Customer may opt out of the Directory Listing Service at any time, however RingCentral is not obligated to have Customers Listing
Information removed from third-party directory assistance listing services that have already received Customers information.
No Liability.ii.  RingCentral will have no responsibility or liability for any cost, damages, liabilities, or inconvenience caused by calls made to
Customers telephone number; materials sent to Customer, inaccuracies, errors or omissions with Listing Information; or any other use of such
information. RingCentral will not be liable to Customer for any use by third parties of Customers Listing Information obtained through the Directory
Listing Service, including without limitation the use of such information after Customer has opted out of the Directory Listing Service.
5.RingCentral Global Office
RingCentral Global Office provides a single communications system to companies that have offices around the world, offering  service in localized
countries for which Global Office is available. Additional information related to Global Office Services is available at 
 . http://www.ringcentral.com/legal/policies/global-office-countries.html
This section sets forth additional terms and conditions concerning RingCentrals Global Office for customers that subscribe to it.
 A.    Emergency Service Limitations for Global Office.
RingCentral provides access to Emergency Calling Services in many, but not all, countries in which RingCentral Global Office is available, allowing
End Users in most countries to access Emergency Services (911 in the United States and Canada, 999/112 in the United Kingdom and throughout
the European Union, and any other applicable Emergency Services number). Emergency Services may only be accessed within the country in which
the Digital Line is assigned, e.g., an End User with a Digital Line assigned in Ireland may dial Emergency Services only within Ireland. Access to
Emergency Calling Services in RingCentral Global Office countries, where available, is subject to the Emergency Services Policy, available at 
 . Customer must make available and will maintain at all times traditional landline and/or https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/emergency-services.html
mobile network telephone services that will enable End Users to call the applicable Emergency Services number. Customer may not use the
RingCentral Services in environments requiring fail-safe performance or in which the failure of the RingCentral Services could lead directly to death,
personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage.
 B.    Global Office Provided Only in Connection with Home Country Service.
RingCentral provides Global Office Service only in connection with Services purchased in the Home Country. RingCentral may immediately suspend
or terminate Customers Global Office Services if Customer terminates its Digital Lines in the Home Country. All invoicing for the Global Office
Services will be done in the Home Country on the Customers Account, together with other Services purchased under this Agreement, using the
Home Countrys currency. Customer must at all times provide a billing address located in the Home Country. RingCentral will provide all
documentation,  , and services in connection with the Global Office Service in English; additional language support may be provided atlicenses
RingCentrals sole discretion.
RingCentral will provide all documentation, licenses, and services in connection with the Global Office Service in English; additional language support
may be provided at RingCentrals sole discretion.
 C.    Relationships with Local Providers.
In connection with the provision of RingCentral Global Office Services, RingCentral relies on local providers to supply certain regulated
communication services; for example (i) for the provision of local telephone numbers within local jurisdictions; (ii) to enable you to place local calls
within local jurisdictions; and (iii) to enable You to receive calls from non-RingCentral numbers on Customers Global Office telephone number(s), by
connecting with the local public switched telephone network.
RingCentrals locally  affiliates provide all telecommunications services offered to Customer within the countries in which such affiliates are licensed
 ; in some cases, RingCentral may obtain services from locally  providers on Customers behalf.  is responsible for all licensed licensed RingCentral Inc.
contracting, billing, and customer care related to those services.
6/66.Definitions.
Terms used herein but not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. For purposes of this Service Attachment, the
following terms have the meanings set forth below:
 A.  means a phone number assigned to an End User or a specifically designated location (e.g., conference room) and the    Digital Line
associated voice service for inbound and outbound calling that permits the End User generally to make and receive calls to and from
the public switched telephone network as well as to and from other extensions within the same Account.
 B.  means an application or device through which any End-User might access and/or use any of the Services, including    End Point
without limitation IP Desk Phones, Desktop Clients, Web Clients, Mobile Applications, and Software Integrations.
 C.  means calls made and received between End Points on the Customer Account with RingCentral,    Extension-to-Extension Calls
regardless of whether the calls are domestic or international.
 D.  means calls made to or received from external numbers on the PSTN that are not on the Customer Account with    External Calls
RingCentral.
 E.  means  or the country that is otherwise designated as Customers primary or home country in the    Home Country the United States
Order Form.