COMMERCIAL SERVICE AGREEMENT  
 THIS SERVICE AGREEMENT  (THE AGREEMENT)  
INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE THE BARCONNECTS, LLC 
(BARC  OR PROVIDER ) TERMS OF SERVICE, 
ACCCEPTABLE USE POLICY, AND PRIVACY POLICY, ALL 
FOUND AT  HTTP:// WWW.BARCCONNECTS.NET/FORMS .  
WHERE ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT CONFLICT WITH THE ABOVE -REFERENCED POLICIES, OR 
WITH THE TERMS OF SERVICE, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL 
CONTROL.  
1. PAYMENT  
a) Nonrecurring charges  and recurring charges shall be due 
within fifteen  (15) days of the date of the invoice: billing 
shall commence upon the service being provisioned and 
deemed operational by PROVIDER. Any amount not 
received within fifteen  (15) days of the date of the invoi ce 
will be subject to PROVIDERs standard late charge of 1.5 % 
per month.  
b) If Customer is not able to provide written evidence of the pertinent exemption to PROVIDER, Customer agrees to pay 
any sales, use, gross receipts, excise, access, bypass or 
other loca l, state and Federal taxes or charges imposed on 
or based upon the provision, sale or use of the Services or 
Equipment provided. PROVIDER and Customer will cooperate with the appropriate authority as to applicability 
of taxes or charges. Taxes or charges w ill be separately 
stated on Customer's invoice.  
2. USE 
Customer may use the Services for any lawful purpose for 
which they are intended, provided that Customer will not 
use the Services so as to interfere with or impair service 
over any of the facilities and associated equipment 
comprising the PROVIDER fiber o ptic cable network and 
associated equipment, or to impair the transmission or privacy of any communications over the fiber optic 
facilities and associated equipment of PROVIDER, or of 
other users.  PROVIDER, by the service hereunder, is 
providing circuits for the customer on a private network, 
and may provide switching services within that network, 
however PROVIDER is not utilizing the switching 
capabilities of the Public Switched Telephone Network.  
 3.    SERVICE LOCATION, DATE  AND TERM  
THE SERVICE LOCATION IS:  670 Oakland Circle  
                                                        Raphine VA 24472  
THE ESTIMATED SERVICE DATE IS: 04/14/2020  
 THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT IS: TWO (2)  YEARS  
a) PROVIDER shall use reasonable efforts to make Services 
available by the estimated service date. PROVIDER shall not 
be liable for any damages whatsoever resulting from delays 
in meeting any Service dates due to delays resulting from 
NORMAL CONSTRUCTION PROCEDURES. Such delays shall include, but not be limited to, delays in obtaining necessary 
regulatory approvals for construction, delays in obtaining 
right of way approvals, and delays in actual construction 
work. If Customer is not ready to accept PROVIDER Services 
30 days after the spec ified service date, PROVIDER shall 
commence billing.  
b) After the term of this contract, if Customer has not given 
PROVIDER 90 days prior written notice of its intent to 
disconnect, the Contract will then be automatically 
renewed on a month -to-month basis, an d Customer may 
then disconnect Service upon 30 days written notice.  
c) PROVIDER may use its own network (On -Net) and the 
networks of other carriers (Off- Net) to provide 
completed circuits to its customers.  Where PROVIDER 
does use Off- Net facilities to f ulfill this contract, PROVIDER 
may note that portion of its circuit price within this 
contract related to Off -Net providers, and if the contract is 
renewed on a month -to-month basis, PROVIDER will 
automatically increase or decrease the customers bill by 
the amount that an Off -Net provider increases or 
decreases its charges to PROVIDER.    
3. CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES  
a) Access - Customer is responsible for arranging access to 
any of the rights of way, conduit and equipment space 
necessary to provide Service on the premises so that 
PROVIDER -authorized personnel, employees, or agents 
may install, repair, maintain, inspect, replace o r remove 
any and all facilities and associated equipment provided by 
PROVIDER. Access to such sites shall be made available at 
a time mutually agreeable to Customer and PROVIDER. 
PROVIDER shall also have the right to obtain access to its 
cable installed in  Customer -provided conduit at any splice 
or junction box.  
b) Provision of Customer Premises Equipment Space, Conduit, 
and Electrical Power - Customer shall provide the necessary 
customer's premise equipment space, conduit, and 
electrical power required to terminate and maintain the 
facilities used to provide Service on all applicable premises 
without charge or cost to PROVIDER. The space, conduit, and power must be made available to PROVIDER on a 
timely basis. Customer shall be responsible for assuring 
that the  equipment space and associated facilities, conduit 
and rights of way which it is providing are a safe place to 
work and are protected against fire, theft, vandalism or 
other casualty, and that the use thereof complies with all 
COMMERCIAL SERVICE AGREEMENT  
 applicable laws, rules and r egulations and with all 
applicable leases or other contractual agreements.  
c) Governmental Authorizations -  Customer shall be 
responsible to obtain and continue in effect all 
government authorizations necessary to permit Customer 
to receive Service and comply  with its obligations under 
this contract.  
4. EQUIPMENT  
a) Title  – Unless explicitly purchased outright by the 
Customer, C ustomer agrees that all right, title and interest 
in all the fiber optic or other facilities and associated 
equipment provided by PROVID ER hereunder shall at all 
times remain exclusively with PROVIDER. Customer shall not create or permit to be created any liens or 
encumbrances relating to Customer's use of the Service or 
arising from the location of the equipment. Upon 
termination of Servi ce, PROVIDER shall remove its 
equipment and shall have the right, but not the obligation, 
to remove all other facilities from any applicable premises.  
b) Maintenance – PROVIDER shall use reasonable efforts to 
maintain the Services in accordance with applicabl e 
performance standards therefor. Unless otherwise 
explicitly agreed to in writing under a managed network 
service agreement or fee -for-service, t here are no 
additional charges for PROVIDER maintenance services. 
However, PROVIDER shall have no responsibili ty for the 
maintenance and repair of facilities and equipment which 
it does not furnish and PROVIDER may assess Customer its 
standard charge for false call outs.  
5. DEFAULT  
If Customer (a) shall fail to pay any amount required under 
this Contract and such failure continues for ten (10) days 
after written notice to Customer that the same is due and 
payable, or (b) fails to comply with any other material 
provision of this Contract and such noncompliance 
continues for thirty (30) days after written notice to 
Customer thereof, then PROVIDER, at its sole option, may 
elect to pursue one or more of the following courses of 
action: either (I) terminate this Contract whereupon in 
addition to all sums then due and payable, all future 
monthly or other charges thereunde r or hereunder shall 
become immediately due and payable, (ii), take appropriate action to enforce payment, including suspension of all or any part of the Service, and/or (iii) 
pursue any other remedies as may be provided at law or in 
equity.  
6. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY  
 a) Liability for Service Interruptions -  To the extent that any 
part or portion of the Service is unavailable, interrupted, 
degraded or otherwise unsatisfactory for any reason, PROVIDER and Customer agree that Customer's sole and 
exclusive remedy shall be the credit allowances for 
interruptions as follows:  The Customer may, upon request directed to PROVIDERs designated representative, receive 
a credit at the rate of 1/60
th of the monthly charges 
applicable to the affected facilitie s for each twelve hour 
period in excess of the first four hours that the affected 
service fails to conform to the technical standards.  If a 
portion of the facilities fails to conform to the technical 
standards over a period of thirty days after written no tice by 
Customer to PROVIDER, Customer may terminate the 
affected portion of the facilities without a cancellation 
charge.  
b) Liability for Damages to Property –  PROVIDER shall not be 
liable for any damages whatsoever  to Property at any 
Customer premises res ulting from the installation, 
maintenance, repair or removal of equipment and 
associated wiring unless the damage is caused by 
PROVIDER's willful misconduct.  
c) Liability for Services and Equipment Not Provided by 
PROVIDER – PROVIDER shall not be liable  for any damages 
whatsoever associated with Service, channels, or equipment which it does not  furnish to Customer, or  for any act or 
omission of any entity furnishing to Customer facilities or 
equipment used for or with  the Service.  
d) Liability for Force Majeure Events –  PROVIDER shall not be 
liable for any failure of performance or Service for reasons beyond its reasonable control including but not limited to 
casualty, act of God, wind, flood, tornado, storm, fire, 
explosion, vandalism , cable cut, governmental order, riot, 
insurrection, strike, lockout, condemnation or loss of 
rights -of-way 
e) Liability for Negligence or Fault of Customer  – PROVIDER 
shall not be liable for any interruptions or damages due to 
the fault of negligence of Cust omer or due to the failure or 
malfunction of Customer -provided equipment or facilities.  
f) Liability Regarding Governmental Authorization –  PROVIDER 
shall use best efforts to obtain and keep in effect all 
government authorizations necessary, in order to provi de 
Service under this Contract. PROVIDER shall be entitled to 
take, and shall have no liability for, any action necessary 
including termination, to bring the Service into conformance 
with any governmental regulations or authorizations, and 
Customer shall fully cooperate in and take such action as 
may reasonably be requested by PROVIDER as part of such compliance.  
g) No Special Damages -  In no event shall PROVIDER be liable 
for special damages including, but not limited to, lost 
revenues or profits, consequenti al damages, or exemplary 
or punitive damages as a result of its performance or 
nonperformance of this Contract.  
COMMERCIAL SERVICE AGREEMENT  
 h) Managed N etwork Services  – Managed network services 
includes the configuration, support and monitoring of 
switch, router, firewall and wireless access point network hardware necessary for the delivery of Internet, tele phone  
(voice)  and TV services.  PROVIDER will make reasonable 
efforts to implement industry standard security practices on 
all network hardware deployed at the customer site.  
Custom er may , at any  time,  request an audit of the security 
on all configured network hardware at their site.  PROVIDER  
does not assume support or security responsibility for any PC, server, software application or database on the 
customers  network.  Should any of the customers  PCs, 
servers, software or databases become compromised due 
to a virus , ransomware  or malware introduced either 
internally or externally, PROVIDER assume s no 
responsibility.  
7. TERMINATION  
 PROVIDER may terminate this Contract without liability and 
Customers payment obligation will be apportioned if:  
a) the facilities used to provide Service are taken by exercise  
of condemnation ; 
b) damages inflicted by Customer render PROVIDERS 
network  inoperable or economically  unfeasible to repair ; 
or 
c) the facilities used to provider Service are damaged beyond 
repair by a  force majeure event .   
Customer may terminate this Agreement without liability 
only i f PROVIDER fails to remedy or address any 
deficiencies in  technical standard s agreed to by PROVIDER 
over a period of thirty days after advance written notice by 
Customer to PROVIDER to cure said deficiency . 
In all other cases, in the event of termination of this 
Agreement by Customer, Customer shall be responsible for 
paying to P ROVIDER all monthly recurring charges 
Customer would have paid through the term specified in 
Section 3 above.  
8.  INDEMNIFICATION  
PROVIDER shall be indemnified, defended and held harmless  by Customer against all claims, suits, 
proceedings, expenses, losses,  liabilities, or damages  
(collectively "Claims") arising from the use of Service 
pursuant to this Contract  involving:  
a) Claims of third parties, including patrons or customers of 
Customer, arising out of, resulting from, or related to the 
Customer's resal e or attempted resale of the Service:  
b) Claims for libel, slander, invasion of privacy, or 
infringement of copyright arising from any Communication 
using the Service:  c) All other claims arising out of any act or omission of 
Customer, or customers or patrons of Customer, in connection with the Services made available to Customer under the terms of this Contract. Customer agrees to 
defend PROVIDER against any such claim and to pay, 
without limitation, all litigation costs, reasonable attorney 
fees and court costs, settlement payments, and any 
damages awarded or resulting from any such claim.  
9. ASSIGNMENT  
PROVIDER may, without obtaining any further consent 
from Customer, assign a ny of its rights, privileges, or 
obligations under this Contract. Customer shall not, 
without prior written consent of PROVIDER, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld, assign, transfer, or in 
any other manner dispose of, any of its rights, privi leges, or 
obligations under this Contract.  
10. WARRANTIES  
a) THERE ARE NO AGREEMENTS, WARRANTIES, OR 
REPRESENTATIONS; EXPRESS OR IMPLIED EITHER IN FACT 
OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, 
INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, EXCEPT THOSE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN.  
11. MISCELLANEOUS   
This Contract may be modified, waived or amended only by 
a written instrument signed by the party against which 
enforcement thereof is sought, shall be binding upon the parties' respective successors and assigns, and constitutes 
the entire agreement between PROVIDER and Customer.  
12. REGULATORY JURISDICTION  
In the event that provisions set  forth in this Agreement are 
determined to be in violation of any rule, order, decision , 
or tariff of any state or federal agency having regulatory 
jurisdiction over PROVIDER, the terms of this Agreement 
shall be deemed to be modified to the extent permissible 
under such rule, order, decision or tariff.  
13. JURISDICTION  
The rights and obligations of the parties under this Contract shall be governed by and construed and enforced in 
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Virginia.  
14. INTERNET ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY  
COMMERCIAL SERVICE AGREEMENT  
 PROVIDER Direct Internet Access (DIA) is subject to 
PROVIDERs Acce ptable Use Policy (AUP)  which is available 
on the Internet at http://www.barconnects. net. Customers 
contracting for DIA are subject to the terms and conditions 
outlined in the AUP. PROVIDER reserves the right to modify 
the AUP from time to time.  
[SIGNATU RE PAGE FOLLOWS]  
COMMERCIAL SERVICE AGREEMENT  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THE PARTIES HAVE SIGNED THIS 
AGREEMENT AS OF THIS 9TH  DAY OF  April, 2020. 
 BARCONNECTS, LLC:  
  By: ___________________________  
Name: Michael Keyser  
Title: Chief Executive Officer  
CUSTOMER:  
 By: ___________________________  
Name:  
Title:  
Ava Harrington
Marketing & Technology Manager