Version 6.3        
Subscriber  Agreement  
This Subscrib er Agreement , which includes  the attached Terms and Conditions , the policies identified in this Subscriber Agreement 
that are identified as being part of , or incorporated into,  this Agreement , and the terms of the particular Service plan you selected  
(collectively, the  Agreement ), describes the terms and conditions between the Subscriber set forth on the signature page below 
(you or  Subscriber ) and Viasat , Inc. (Viasat , Us or We) applicable to  Viasat s two-way, satellite based  Internet access 
service (the  Internet Service ). Please note that if you receive your bill for the Internet Service from a third party , the terms of any 
customer agreement between you and that third party will govern your relationship with that third party (and those terms may be 
different than the terms of this Agreement ). Please read this Agreement  carefully since it sets forth important rights and obli gations 
that you have governing the Internet Service  as well as important limitations on those rights.  If you would like to contact us, you may 
call 855-313-4111  or write to:  
Viasat , Inc.  
P.O. Box 4427  
Englewood, CO  80155  
Attention: Customer Care  
A. Monthly Fee, You will pay the monthly fee applicable to your Internet Service plan (the  Monthly Fee ) for the Internet Service . 
B. Minimum Service Commitment  and Early Termination Fee . Our Internet Service  plans  require you to commit to a 24 -month 
minimum service term ( Minimum Service Term ), unless a different term is expressly provided in the written terms of the Internet 
Service plan you select . If you upgrade from an Internet Service plan and the upgraded plan requires : (i) the use of upgraded 
Equipment (as de fined below) , or (ii) a service call to the Subscriber Premises (as defined below) , then you must  commit to a new 24 -
month Minimum Service Term beginning on the date we activate your new plan . If you terminate Internet Service  with us  prior to the 
expirati on of the then-applicable Minimum Service Term, you will owe (and your credit card, debit card, or bank account will 
promp tly be charged) the Termination Fee (as defined below ). The  Termination Fee  means an amount equal to the number of 
unpaid months left in your Minimum Service Term multiplied by $15.00.  For example, if you terminate Internet Service with 12 
unpaid months remaining on your Minimum Service Term, the Internet Service Termination Fee would equal $180.00.  
C. Term and Renewal . The term of this Agreement commences on the date we activate your Internet Service and continues for the 
duration of the Minimum Service Term unless terminated earlier by you or Viasat . After the Minimum Service Term expires, the term 
of this Agreement wil l automatically renew on a month -to-month basis, unless you have agreed to a new Minimum Service Term 
under another Internet Service plan offered by Viasat .  
D. Leased Equipment  and Installation . You must lease and install certain  equipment directly or indirectly provided by us to 
receive the Internet  Service . The equipment consists of a modem, a receiver , and ancillary customary mounting and installation 
materials  (collectively, and as may be replaced from time to time, the Leased Equipment ). The fee for the Leased Equipment (the 
Monthly Lease Fee) is set forth in your Internet Service plan, and, for some plans, may be included in the Monthly Fee.  Applicable 
taxes, surcharges , and fees will apply  to the Monthly Lease Fee . You agree to use only a Viasat  authorized installer  (a Designated 
Service Provider ) to install the Leased Equipment on your premises  (the  Subscriber Premises ). You will provide us with such 
location information (e.g., address, telephone number) that w e may request of each Subscriber Premises subject to this Agreement. We 
will charge  our standard one -time installation fee for a standard installation. Non -standard installations will be subject to additional 
charges above our standard installation fee. We  will communicate to you the amount of the installation fee prior to installation.  You 
agree to pay the installation fee on or prior to the date of installation . 
E.  Data Usage Limits for Internet Service Plans . Many of our Internet Service plans are  subject to data usage limits . We detail 
the data usage limits and how we calculate data usage in our Viasat Data Allowance Policy  – Business Plans (the  Data Allowance 
Policy ). The Data Allowance Policy is part of this Agreement. If you exceed your data usage limit and (i) you subscribe to a plan 
other than any Business unlimited data plan or the Business 30 Internet Service plan , we will charge you for such additional usage at 
the additional usage rate identified for your Internet Service plan as set for th in Table 1 below, or (ii) you subscribe to the Business 30 
Internet Service plan, we will significantly slow and/or restrict your Internet Service, or certain uses of your Internet Ser vice, for the 
remainder of the applicable time period . Our current Internet Service plan menu , the data allowance limit , the additional usage rates  
and data usage threshold  for each plan are set forth in Table 1 and Table 2 below . Please note that not all Internet Service plans are 
available in all areas.  
Version 6.3       Table 1 - Viasat Business Metered  Service Plans  
Business Metered Plans  Data Allowance  (GB)  
(Combined Upload and Download ) 
Measured over a Fixed Monthly 
Period  Additional Usage Rate  
Redundancy  1 $15.00 per GB  
Business Metered 1 GB  1 $10.00 per GB  
Business Metered 10 GB  10 $10.00 per GB  
Business Metered 10 GB (12 Mbps)  10 $12.00 per GB  
Business 20  20 $10.00 per GB  
Business Metered 20 GB  20 $6.00 per GB  
Business 30  8:00 a.m. to  
 3:00 a.m.  3:00 a.m. to  
8:00 a.m.  N/A 
30 At least 30*   
Business 50 50 $10.00 per GB  
Business Metered 50 GB  50 $3.00 per GB  
Business Metered 50 GB (12 Mbps)  50 $4.00 per GB  
Business 100  100 $10.00 per GB  
Business 200  200 $10.00 per GB  
Business Metered 200 GB  200 $2.00 per GB  
*Viasat does not currently enforce a data allowance during the period from 3:00 a.m. to 8:00 a.m., but reserves the right to do so in the future 
in its sole discretion.  
Table 2 - Viasat Business Unlimited Data Service Plans  
Business Unlimited Data Plans  Data Allowance   Data Usage Threshold  *** 
(Combined Upload and 
Download ) Measured over 
a Fixed Monthly Period  
Business Unlimited Data**  Unlimited   300 GB  
Business Unlimited 12  Unlimited  75 GB  
Business Unlimited 15 Enhanced  Unlimited  300 GB  
Business Unlimited 35  Unlimited   75 GB  
Business Unlimited 60  Unlimited  150 GB  
Business Unlimited 100  Unlimited  200 GB  
** For the Business Unlimited Data plan, Viasat  expressly reserves the right in the future  and in its sole discretion  to prioritize your data behind 
other customers during network co ngestion after  300 GB of data usage during your monthly measurement period , whic h will result in slower 
speeds . 
***Viasats Business unlimited data plans do not have a monthly data allowance.  The amount of data you use will not affect your service 
speeds, unless the network is congested. After you exceed the data usage threshold for your service plan listed in the applic able chart above 
during your monthly measurement period, Viasat may priori tize your data behind other customers during network congestion, which will result 
in slower speeds. All uploaded and downloaded data transmitted using your Viasat service starting on the first day of your monthly 
measurement period will count towards your  monthly data usage threshold. At the end of your monthly measurement period, your data usage 
resets to zero.  
**** For the Business Unlimited Data plan, Viasat expressly reserves the right in the future and in its sole discretion  to limit the quality of video streams 
above high definition -type quality to high definition -type quality, which is typically up to 1080p.  
 Business Unlimited Data Plans Video Streaming Quality  
Business Unlimited Data   Full High -definition quality (typically up to 1080p) **** 
Business Unlimited 12  DVD quality (typically up to 480p)  
Business Unlimited 15 Enhanced  Full High -definition quality (typically up to 1080p)  
Business Unlimited 35   DVD quality (typically up to 480p)  
Business Unlimited 60  DVD quality (typically up to 48 0p) 
Business Unlimited 100  High -definition quality (typically up to 720p ) 
Version 6.3       Video Data Extender  
The Business Metered 1 GB, 10 GB, 10 GB (12Mbps), 20 GB, 50 GB, 50 GB (12 Mbps) and 200 GB plans have the Video Data Extender.  
The Video Data Extender is a feature that streams video at DVD quality (optimized for 480p), which  allows you to get more out of your 
monthly data allowance or other data threshold.  Not all video sources are iden tifiable and available to benefit from the Video Data 
Extender.  For plans purchase d on or after December 7, 2018, the feature is turned on by default.  For plans purchased prior to December 
7, 2018, t he feature is turned off by default.  You can turn the Video Data Extender off or on at any time by  contacting Viasat at 855-313-
4111 . 
F. Return of Equipment . If you fail to return the Leased Equipment within 30 days of termination of this Agreement for any 
reason , we will charge you the Unreturned Equipment Fee as set forth in Section 2.4 below. Viasat is not obligated to de-install the 
Equipment, but may do so for a fee.  
G. Subscriber Representations and Warranties . Subscriber represents and warrants that (i) to the extent Subscriber is an entity, it 
is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of formation set forth on the signature block 
below, and (ii) the execution of this Agreement by the individual whose signature is set forth on the signature block for it below, and 
the delivery of this Agreement by Subscriber, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Subscriber. 
The individual executing this Agreement represents and warrants that he or she is at least 18 years old (or at least the age of majority 
where applicable state law is greater than 18). 
You acknowledge that you have received, read, understand, and agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions set forth 
in this Agreement, including the following policies, which can be found at www.Viasat.com/legal :(1) Data Allowance Policy, (2) 
Acceptable Use Policy, (3) Subscriber Privacy Policy, and (4) Network Management Policy.  
If you did not receive Sections 1 through 8 of the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement, DO NOT SIGN THIS AGREEMENT. 
SUBSCRIBER  
Legal Business Name   
Signature: ______________________________________  
Name:   
Title: __________________________________________  
Subscriber State of Formation:   VIASAT, INC.  
Signature: /s/ Cody Catalena  
Name: Cody Catalena  
Title: President , Global Business Solutions  
Joe Becker
Director of Operations
Storage at NOBT
Florida
Version 6.3       Terms and Conditions  
1. The Internet Service . 
1.1 Limitations  of the Internet Service . Subject to certain exceptions, t he Internet  Service is available at locations 
within the United States  with an unobstructed view of the southern sky . Your usage  of the Internet Service  is subject to the Acceptable 
Use Policy, whic h forms part of this Agreement . Your Internet Service plan sets forth certain up to upload and download speeds. 
The upload and download speeds you will experience using your Internet Service will vary significantly depending on  a number of 
factors, inclu ding network or Internet traffic and congestion, the configuration of the device accessing the Internet, the speed of the 
websites you are visiting, the number of concurrent users, and whether you are accessing the Internet Service using Wi -Fi. Viasat  does 
not guarantee stated up to speeds or uninterrupted use of the Internet Service. In a variety of  circumstances, actual upload and 
download speeds will be lower than  stated up to speeds, particularly during peak congestion periods. You should also be aw are that 
the performance of some  games using the Internet Service  is very poor and s ome games may not work at all . Virtual private network s 
and remote computer access may also be very slow with the Internet  Service. Some virtual private networks may not work at all.   
1.2 System Requirements . It is your responsibility, at your expense, to obtain, maintain, and operate suitable and fully 
compatible computer equipment (including , without limitation , a wireless  router if you intend to access  the Internet Service wirelessly 
or on multiple devices ) required to access the Internet Service.  
2. Leased Equipment and Installation . 
2.1 Equipment Lease . The Leased Equipment  necessary to provide the Internet Service  is being leased  to you. We have 
the right, in our sole discretion , to provide or replace the L eased Equipment with new or reconditioned Leased Equipment . We also 
have the right to remove , or require the return of, any or all Leased  Equipment (whether in working order or not) upon cancellation or 
disconnection of your Internet Service for any reason .  
2.2 Ownership by Viasat . The L eased Equipment shall at all times remain the sole and exclusive property of Viasat . 
No L eased Equipment shall be deemed fixtures or part of your realty. Our ownership of the Le ased Equipment may be displayed by 
notice contained on it. We reserve the right to make  filings with governmental authorities we determine  necessary to evidence our 
ownership rights in the Leased Equipment, and you agree to execute any and all documents as we determine necessary for us to make 
such filings.  You shall not  pledge, sell, mortgage, otherwise encumber, give away, remove, relocate, tamper with, or alter the Leased  
Equipment (or any notice of our o wnership thereon) at any time. We will perform a ny rei nstallation, return, or change in the location 
of the  Leased Equipment at our service rates in effe ct at the time of such service.   
2.3 Responsibility for Care of Leased Equipment . You are solely responsible for prevent ing the loss, damage, or 
destruction of L eased Equipment.  
2.4 Return of Equipment . If you cease to be a Viasat  subscriber  for any reason (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), 
you must call Viasat  at 1-855-313-4111 within seven days after the termination of your Internet S ervice to make arrangements for 
Viasat  to de -install the Leased Equipment  at our standard rates; otherwise, Viasat  will send you a prepaid shipping package for you to 
return the Leased Equipment  to Viasat . You acknowledge that you must return the Leased Equipment  to Viasat  in good working order, 
normal wear and tear excepted. If Viasat  does not receive the modem and transceiver within 30 days after the termination of your 
Internet Service or if  you return  the modem and/or transceiver in a non -functioning or damaged s tate, you agree to pay Viasat  the 
following fee(s), as applicable to you depending on your Service plan  (Unreturned Equipment Fee ): 
Equipment Type  Fee for each unreturned or damaged 
modem  Fee for each unreturned or damaged 
transceiver  
Exede WiFi Modem or Exede branded 
modem, and its associated transceiver  $150.00  $150.00  
Viasat Wi-Fi Gateway  modem and its 
associated transceiver  $50.00  $250.00  
Additionally, you agree that Viasat  may collect and charge  the Unreturned Equipment Fee  using the payment method on file with 
Viasat  (Card Payment or EFT Payment) and you hereby irrevocably authorize Viasat  to make such charges.   
2.5 Repair/Replacement . Provided that you are in compliance with all terms and conditions of this Agreement, while 
you receive Internet Service under this Agreement, Viasat  will, at no additional charge to you, replace Leased Equipment that Viasat , 
in its sole discretion, determines to be defective ( Defective Equipment ). Defective Equipment replacement under this Secti on 2.5 
expressly excludes charges for service calls and for damage to, or destruction or misuse of, the Leased Equipment. For the first 90 
days after initial activation of your Internet Service, Viasat  will waive its standard service call charge if Viasat  makes a service call  
unless such service call was necessitated as a result of damage to, or destruction or misuse of, the Leased Equipment . After the first 90 
Version 6.3       days following initial activation of your Internet Service, Viasat s standard service call charg e shall apply to all service calls by Viasat  
in respect of the Leased Equipment or the Internet Service . You shall notify us promptly of any defect in, damage to, destruction of, or 
accident involving your L eased Equipment by calling 1 -855-313-4111. All ma intenance and repair of Leased Equipment shall be 
performed by u s or our designee(s). Viasat  will charge you for any repairs that are  necessitated by any damage to, or destruction or 
misuse of, the Leased Equipment.  
2.6 Disclaimer . VIASAT PROVIDES THE  LEASED  EQUIPMENT AS IS, AND MAKES NO WARRANTY, 
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMP LIED, REGARDING THE LEASED EQUIPMENT. LEASED EQUIPM ENT MAY BE NEW 
OR REFURBISHED. ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTIC ULAR PURPOSE, ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. VIASAT IS 
NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND 
RELATING TO THE LEASED EQUIPMENT PROVIDED TO YOU.   
2.7 Customer Acknowledgement . You acknowledge and agree  that Viasat  is not  extending credit and th at any 
Unreturned Equipment Fee  we may charge  does not constitute interest, a credit service fee , or a finance charge.  
2.8 Stolen Leased Equipment . If your Leased Equipment is stolen or otherwise removed from the Subscriber  Premises 
without your authorization, you must notify our Customer Care department by telephone or in writing immediately, but in any eve nt 
not more than three business days after such removal to avoid liability for payment for unauthorized use of your Leased Equipmen t. 
You will not be liable for unauthorized use that occurs after we have received your notification.  
2.9 Permissions for Installation of Leased Equipment . 
(a) Authority to Permit Installation of Equipment  on the Subscriber  Premises . You represent and warrant 
that the Internet Service  will be installed and used solely within the Subscriber Premises and that there are no legal, contractual , or 
similar restrictions on the installation of the Leased Equipment in the lo cation(s) within the Subscriber Premises you have authorized. 
It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with all applicable building codes, zoning ordinances, business district or as sociation 
rules, covenants, conditions, and restrictions , and lease obligations  related to the Subscriber Prem ises applicable to the Internet Service  
(and the installation of the Internet Service ), to pay any fees or other charges, and to obtain any permits or authoriza tions necessary for 
the Internet Service  and the installation of the Leased Equipment (collectiv ely, Legal Requirements ). Without limiting the 
foregoing, to the extent you are leasing the Subscriber Premises, you should review your lease and you agree to secure any landlord 
approvals that are necessary or advisable and pay any associated fees prior  to installation of the Leased Equipment. We shall not be 
required to execute any agreements with any third party in connection with the installation. You are solely responsible for any fines or 
similar charges for violation of any applicable Leg al Require ments. If you approve  a roof mount  installation , you acknowledge the 
potential risks associated with this type of installation (including, without limitation, with respect to any warranty that a pplies to your 
roof or roof membrane).   
(b) Access to Your Premise s and Computer . You acknowledg e and agree that Viasat  or its D esignated 
Service P rovider must access  the Subscriber Premises  and, in certain circumstances,  your computer  or network  to install and maintain 
the Leased Equipment , including the receiver (which  may require roof access) . This will include attaching the  Leased Equipment to 
your computer, installing software on your computer  or network , and configuring your computer  or network  to optimize the 
performance of the Internet Service. You confirm that yo u have reviewed the installation plan and agr eed to any associated charges. 
You are responsible for backing up the data on your computer and we highly recommend that you do so prior to permitt ing access to 
us or one of our Designated Service P roviders. EXC EPT AS ARISES FROM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF VIASAT OR ITS 
DESIGNATED SERVICE PROVIDERS,  NEITHER VIASAT NOR ITS DESIGNATED SERVICE PROVIDER S SHALL 
HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY LOSSES RESULTING FROM THE LEASED EQUIPMENT OR ANY 
INSTALLATION, REPAIR , OR OTHER SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH THE  LEASED  EQUIPMENT, INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE TO THE SUBSCRIBER PREMISES OR LOSS OF SOFTWARE, DATA , OR 
OTHER INFORMATION FROM YOUR COMPUTER  OR NETWORK . Time frames for installation, if any, are not guaranteed 
and may vary depending on the types of services requested and other factors.  If we determine in our sole discretion that there are 
unacceptable hazards associated with the installation, we may discontinue the installation at any point and terminate this Ag reement 
without liability. In su ch a case, you will not incur an y Termination Fee s.  
(c) Authorization for Installation . You hereby authorize Viasat  or its Designated Service P rovider to perform 
the installation of the Leased Equipment at the Subscriber Premises subject to the terms of this Section 2. 9 and initiate the Internet 
Service.  
2.10  Software License for Leased Equipment . The Leased  Equipment contains software and/or other intellectual 
property that are  subject to license agreement(s). Any breach of such license agreement(s) constitut es a breach of this Agreement.  
3. Users of the Internet Service;  Responsibility and Supervision . 
3.1 Account Set -Up. We may, in our discretion, provide one or more administrative portals or websites available to 
Subscriber in connection with Subscribers use of the Internet Service  and their usage of data (Account Access ). In connection with 
Version 6.3       Account Access  and discussi ons with us regarding your account , we may furnish you with one or more user identifications or 
passwords. Subscriber is responsible for  it and its authorized users  confidentiality of such information. Subscriber is also  responsible 
for verifying and main taining the account, options, settings , and other parameters under which the Internet Service  are used. We may 
discontinue Account Access at any time in our discretion.  
3.2 Multiple Use of Account . Only devices physically  located  in the Subscriber P remises  may receive the Internet 
Service  under a single billing account. For clarity, the Subscriber Premises  shall be  limited to the single address where the Internet 
Service is installed , and do not include adjacent apartments, residences, offices , or any type of space not physically associated with 
such address  (nor suites or other locations at the single address if not associated with your business) . Any use of the Internet Service  
other than as specified above is unauthorized and a material breach  of this Agreement , regardless of whether you receive any 
compensation for such use, and may result in the immediate termination of the Internet Service  and the imposition of the Termination 
Fees, without prejudice to any other rights and remedies availabl e to us under this Agreement.  
3.3 Subscriber Responsibility . You are  responsible for all access to and use of the Internet Service  (and Account 
Access)  through your account or password(s) and for any fees incurred for the Internet Service, or for software or other merchandise 
purchased through the Internet Service , or any other expenses incurred under  this Agreement, including, without limitation access and 
use by your employees, agents, contractors, patrons or customers, and represe ntatives. You are responsible for backing up (a) any data 
you submit, receive , or transfer over the Internet Service, including, without limitation , your email , and (b) any  data, files, programs, 
or applications on any device you connect to the Internet Service . You acknowledge that you are aware that content  accessible on or 
through the Internet Service  may contain material that is unsuitable for minors. You are responsible for supervision of  usage of your 
account  by minors. You hereby ratify and confirm and shall be responsible for any obligations incurred by a minor using your 
account . 
4. Fees and Payment .  
4.1 Fees, Taxes , and Other Charges .  
(a) Commencement and Duration of Fees . You will pay the Monthly Fee for the Internet Service  each month 
in advance, for so long as  you are a subscriber  to the Internet  Service , beginning with the date we activate the Internet Service . In 
addition, we may bill you for some aspects of the Internet Service  individually after they have been provided to you; these include 
charges  for additional  data usage beyond  your data allowance . Your account will continue until you cancel your account in accordance 
with the method or methods specified by us (unless otherwise terminated in accordance with this Agreement). You may cancel your 
account at any time, subject to payment of the Termination Fee , if applicable. The Monthly Fee  and the Monthly  Lease Fee (and any 
other monthly recurring fee, if any)  shall cease to apply for any months after the billing month in which you cancel or terminate your 
account in accordance with  these terms and conditions . 
(b) Billing and Charges . You agree to pay, in  accordance with the provisions of the Internet Service plan  you 
selected, any registration, activation, service charges, minimum charges , and other amounts charged to or incurred by you, or by users 
of your account, at the rates in effect at the start of  the billing period in which those amounts are charged or incurred. All fees under 
this Agreement are exclusive of all applicable federal, state , and local taxes , fees , and surcharges  (collectively  Taxes ) related to 
your use of the Internet Service , prov ision of services, software , or hardware , or the use of the Internet Service  by users of your 
account. You agree to pay all such Taxes as reflected on your billing statement. Information on our charges and surcharges may be 
made available to you on  www.Viasat.com  (and any successor website identified  by us, collectively, the  Viasat  Website ). We will 
send your billing statements  to the email address you provide to us , and you agree that this is sufficient notice for all purposes as to 
charges incurred and paid or to be paid to us . Unless otherwise agreed to by Viasat  in writing, y ou understand and agree that you will 
not receive a paper statement  in the mail.  Additional terms relating to pricing, billing, and payment that are an integral part of this 
Agreement are contained in your Internet Service  plan details . Viasat  reserves the right to correct and charge under -billed or unbilled 
amounts for a period of 180 days  after (i) any  incorrect statement  was issued  or (ii) a statement should have been issued . Payment of 
the outstanding balance is due in full within 15 days of the date of invoice .  
(c) Administrative Fees . If we do not receive your electronic payment by its due date or your payment is 
returned , we may charge you administrative  late or nonpayment fees equal to the lesser of (i) $5.00 per month , or (ii) the maximum 
amount p ermitted under applicable law. Such char ge shall apply monthly  until all delinquent amount s are  paid in full.  If your  bank or 
other financial institution fails to honor the  electronic funds transfer out of your bank account ( EFT Payment ) or credit card or 
debit card payment (Card Payment ), we may charge you a collection fee equal to the lesser of (i) $15.00 , or (ii) the maximum 
amount permitted under applicable law.  You acknowledge that these fees are not interest or finance charge s and are reasonably related 
to the actual expenses we incu r due to non -payment.  
4.2 Payment Authorization . Viasat  will initiate a Card Payment or  EFT Payment , as applicable,  for payment of all fees  
incurred  in connection with the Internet Service , including any Termination Fee , and any other amounts payable under this Agreement  
unless applicable law  requires us  to accept another  method of payment or Viasat  has otherwise agreed in writing to accept another 
method of payment  from you . You agree that Viasat  will bill your Monthly Fee and the Monthly Lease F ee (to the extent the Monthly  
Lease Fee is not included in the Monthly F ee as identified by your Internet Service plan)  and one time charges  in advance  and will bill 
other fees in arrears such as fees for additional data usage  beyond your data allowance , and in all cases will automatically collect  these 
Version 6.3       fees through either a Card Payment or EFT Payment. By signing this Agreement and receiving the Internet Service , you authorize 
automatic Card Payments or EFT Payments by Viasat . You agree that  Viasat  will bill the charges described above  to the credit or 
debit card provided by you when you applied for the Internet Service until such time as you may authorize recurring EFT Payments. 
You must provide current, complete, and accurate information for your billing account, and promptly update us with any changes to 
your account information, such as change s in your billing address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, bank account 
numb er, or contact email address. You may make  changes to such information by calling Viasat  Customer Care  at (855) 313-4111 . If 
you fail to provide us with any of the foregoing information, Viasat  will continue charging you for any Internet Service  provided 
under your account  in the same manner it had previously charged . In addition to administrative fees that you may owe, if we are 
unable to process your Card Payment or EFT Payment  at any time and we do not receive electronic payment from you by the due date, 
we may immediate ly suspend your account  and you will remain responsible for all  amounts payable by you to us. If we do not receive 
your payment before  we issue your next statement , we may terminate your a ccount and you will  owe us the Termination Fee , if 
applicable. In ad dition, i f you are receiving Internet Service  at multiple locations, we may suspend or terminate any other account you 
have with us due to late payment or non -payment for your Internet Service  at any location . Your card issuer agreement governs use of 
your credit or deb it card in connection with the Internet Service  and you must refer to that agreement with respect to your rights an d 
liabilities as a cardholder. If we do not receive payment from your credit or debit card issuer or its agent, you agree to pa y us all 
amounts due upon demand by us. Viasat  will not be responsible for any expenses that you may incur resulting from overdrawing your 
bank account or exceeding your credit limit as a result of an automatic charge made under this Agreement.   
4.3 Disputes a nd Partial Payments . If you think a charge is incorrect or you need more information on any charges 
applied to your account, you should  promptly  contact us at 855-313-4111 . You must contact  us within 60 days of receiving the 
statement on which  the error or problem appeared.  We will make a statement available to you for each billing cycle showing 
payments, credits, purchases , and other charges.  We will not pay you interest on any o vercharged amounts late r refunded or 
credited to you. We may, but  are not required to, ac cept partial payments from you.  If you make a partial payment, we will apply  it to 
amounts owed by you starting with the oldest outstanding amount. If you send us  checks or money orders marked  payment in f ull or 
otherwise labeled with a similar restrictive endorsement, we may, but are not required to, accept them, without waiving any of our 
rights to collect all amounts owe d by you under this Agreement. If we choose to use a collection agency or attorney to collect money 
that you o we us, you agree to pay the reasonable costs of collection , including, without limitation , collection age ncy fees, reasonable 
attorney s fees, and court costs.  
4.4 Reactivation . To reactivate suspended Internet Service , you must bring your account current through the month of 
reactivation by making payment in full of any outstanding balance . In addition, we may require a deposit before reactivating your 
Internet Service . The amount of the deposit will not exceed an amou nt equal to 12 times the Monthly Fee. Any amounts you deposit 
will appear on your statement as a credit, and service charges and other fees will b e invoiced as described above. If you fail to pay any 
amount on a subsequent bill, we will deduct the unpaid a mount each billing cycle from the credit amount. Credit amounts will not earn 
or accrue interest.   
4.5 Credit Inquiries and Reporting . You authorize us to make inquiries and to receive information about your credit 
experience from others, including , without li mitation,  credit reporting agencies, to enter this information in your file , and to disclose 
this information concerning you to third parties for  reasonable business purposes. You authorize Viasat  to report both positive and 
negative information about your  payment history to any credit reporting agencies.  
5. Modifications, Rights of Cancellation , or Suspension .  
5.1 Modification of this Agreement . We may modify this Agreement , which includes the incorporated policies,  
prospectively  (and not retroactively) , including, without limitation, our pricing and billing terms  (Amendments ) by posting such 
Amendments within the Viasat  Website . Each Amendment is effective upon posting. We may, but are not required to, also notify you 
by e-mail or other electronic noti ce of the posting of an Amendment. If you do not agree to an Amendment , then you must terminate 
this Agreement in accordance with Section 5 .3 below and stop using the Internet Service  within 30 days after  the effecti ve date of 
such Amendment . Your continued  use of the Internet Service  after this 30-day period  constitutes your  acceptance of such Amendment . 
In the unlikely event  a change results in an increase in the aggregate amount of Monthly Fee and the Monthly Lease Fee or a reduction 
of your permitted data limit  (for metered Internet Service plans) during your Minimum Service Term , you may terminate your Internet 
Service, without incurring the Termination Fee, by calling us within 30  days after the Amendment , unless at the time you call we 
waive such increase (or we eliminate the data reduction) for you , in which case if you still choose to terminate the Internet Service, 
you will be liable  for the Termination Fee . Other than payment increases or data cap red uction Amendments, termination for any other 
Amendments shall require  payment of the Termination Fee  if you are within your Minimum Service Term. You acknowledge and 
agree that termination of the Internet Service  by you shall be your sole and exclusive rem edy for any Amendment . 
5.2 Modification of the Internet Service . Because of the nature of the ongoing provision of the Internet Service , we 
may discontinue, add to , or revise any or all aspects of the Internet Service  in our sole discretion and without notice, including , 
without limitation,  access to support services, publications , and any other products or serv ices ancillary to the Internet Service . In 
particular, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to modify,  supplement, delete, discontinue or remove any software, file, 
publications, information, communication , or other content that we or one of our vendors provide to you in connection with the 
Internet Service . If we undertake any of these changes, we may, bu t are not required to, notify you by e -mail, posting a notice within 
Version 6.3       the Viasat  Website,  or other electronic notice. If you do not agree to the identified  changes, then you must cancel your subscription 
and stop using the Internet Service  within 30 days of  the effective date of the changes. Your use of the Internet Service  after 30 days 
from the  effective date of the changes constitutes your acceptance of the changes.  In addition, w e may take any action consistent with 
our Acceptable Use and Data Allowance Policies, including , without limitation,  actions to (a) prevent unsolicited bulk e -mailing from 
entering or leaving any e -mail account or the network e -mail system, (b) delete e -mail messages if your e -mail account has not been 
accessed by you within a tim e established by us from time to time, in our sole discretion, (c) instruct our system not to process e -mail 
or instant messages due to space limitations, (d) make available to third parties information relating to Viasat  or its subscribers, (e) 
withdraw, change, suspend , or discontinue any functionality or feature of the Internet Service , (f) delete attachments to e -mail due to 
potentially harmful materials included within such attachment, and (g) limit access to the Internet Service  to prevent abusive 
consumption .  
5.3 Termination by Subscriber . Subject to your payment of the Monthly F ee and the Monthly Lease Fee for the full 
billing cycle in which termination occurred  and the Termination Fee, if applicable (and all  other due and past due amounts, if any) , 
you may immediately terminate this Agreement at any time by giving us written or telephone notice. Viasat  will not provide a pro -rata 
refund for any pre -paid fees regardless of when your Internet Service  is terminated or suspended. In limited circumstances, Viasat  may 
permit you to temporarily suspend Internet Service . Please allow five business days from the date of receipt for processing written 
requests to terminate or suspend your Internet Service . Viasat  does not accept notices of  termination or suspension via e -mail or chat. 
You will continue to be liable under this Agreement for all fees and charges until such time as the Agreement has been proper ly 
terminated or suspended or we have acknowledged such termination or suspension in  writing or by e -mail. Once your account is 
terminated, you will no longer have access to any of the web or email services provided to you as part of the Internet Service. In 
addition, upon termination you will be responsible for the return of the Leased Equipment to Viasat  as set forth in this Agreement . For 
a fee, Viasat  will assist you with the return of the Leased Equipment.  
5.4 Termination or Suspension by Viasat . We reserve the right in our sole discretion , either for convenience or with 
cause,  to terminate your Internet Service  and this Agreement or suspend your Internet Service  at any time (with or without  notice), in 
whole or in part. If we terminate this Agreement for convenience, we will provide you with 30 days notice. If we terminat e or 
suspen d your Internet Service  because  you have , or a user of your account ha s, breached this Agreement  or violated a law , then 
notwithstanding the termination or suspension of your Internet Service , you will remain responsible for all payment and other 
obligations under this Agreement, including , without limitation,  the obligation to pay all charges that may be due as a result of or in 
connection with such termination or suspension. In these instances, you are responsible for the full Monthly Fee and  the Mo nthly 
Lease Fee for any month (or portion of a month) in which you receive the Internet Service and Viasat  will not provide a pro -rata 
refund for any pre -paid fees regardless of when your Internet Service  is terminated or suspended.  
6. Permitted Use and Restrictions on Use . 
6.1 Software License . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Viasat  grant s to you a personal, non -exclusive, non -
assignable , and non -transferable license to use and display the software provided by or on behalf of Viasat  (including any up dates) 
only for the purpose of accessing the Internet Service  (Software ) on any device (s) on which you are the primary user or which you 
are authorize d to use. Our Subscriber Privacy Polic y, which applies to the Internet Service , provide s important information about the 
Software applications we utilize . Please read t he terms of the Subscriber Privacy Policy very carefully, as they  contain important 
disclosures about the use and security of data transmitted to and from your devices through the Internet Service . Unauthorized copying 
of all or any portion of the Software, including , without limi tation, portions or items that have  been merged  with the Software, or the 
written materials associated therewith, is expressly forbidden. You may not sublicense, assign, or transfer this license or t he Software 
except as permitted in writing by Viasat . Any attempt to sublicense, assign , or transfer any of the rights, duties , or obligations under 
this license is void and may result in termination by Viasat  of this Agreement.  You agree that you shall not copy , distribute , 
decompile,  or duplicate , or permit anyone else to copy , distribute, decompile,  or dup licate , any part of the Software, or create or 
attempt to create, or permit others to create or attempt to create, by reverse engineering or otherwise, the source programs or any part 
thereof from the object programs or from other information made availabl e under this Agreement.  The license granted under this 
Section 6.1  terminates upon termination of the Agreement or termination of the Internet Service .  
6.2 Restrictions on Use of t he Internet Service . You agree to comply with Viasat s Ac ceptable Use Policy an d Data 
Allowance Policy . You also acknowledge and agree that the Internet Service is  subject to Viasat s Network Management Policy. 
Viasat  reserves the right to immediately terminate the Internet Service  and this Agreement if you knowingly or otherwise eng age in 
any prohibited activity  under such Policies . You do not own or have any rights (other than those expressly granted to you) to a 
particular IP address , even if you are utilizing a persistent IP address.  
6.3 Prohibition on Resale . You agree not to use the Internet Service for operation as an Internet service provider, or to 
run programs, equipment, or servers from the Subscriber Premises  that provide network content or any other similar services to 
anyone outside of the Subscriber Pr emises.  Additionally, if you subscribe to the Viasat  Business Unlimited Data plan, you are 
prohibited from allowing  anyone who is not your agent or employee to use the Internet Service  (e.g., via Wi -Fi or any other method), 
in whole or in part, directly or  indirectly, or on a bundled or unbundled basis . 
Version 6.3       6.4 No Unauthorized Use of Equipment or Software . You are strictly prohibited from servicing, altering, modifying, 
or tampering with the Leased Equipment , Software , or Internet Service  or permit ting any other person who is not authorized by Viasat  
to do the same.  
6.5 Compliance  with Laws . You agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules , and regulations in connection with the 
Internet Service , your use of the Internet Service , and this Agreement . 
6.6 Security . You agree to take reasonable measures to protect the security of any devices you connect to the Internet 
through the Internet Service , including , without limitation,  maintaining at your cost an up -to-date version of anti -virus and/or firewall 
software to protect your devices from malicious code , programs , or other internal components (such as a computer virus, computer 
worm, computer time bomb or similar component) . You expressly agree that if your compute r or an Internet connected device 
becomes infected and causes any of the prohibited activities listed in the Acceptable Use Policy , Viasat  may immediately suspend the 
Internet Service  until such time as your computer or device is sufficiently protected to prevent further prohibited activities. You will 
be fully liable for all Monthly F ees, Monthly Lease Fees,  and other charges under this Agreement du ring any period of suspension. 
Although Viasat  has no obligation to monitor the  Internet Service  or its network, Viasat  and its authorized suppliers reserve the right 
to monitor bandwidth, usage, transmissions, and content from time to time in order to operate the  Internet Service , identify violations 
of this Agreement, or protect th e Viasat  network, the Internet Service , and other users of the Internet Service. In all cases, you are 
solely responsible for the security of any device you choose to connect to the Internet Service, including , without limitation, the 
security of  any data stored or shared on such device (s).  
6.7 Responsibility of Subscriber . You are responsible for any misuse of the Internet Service , even if the misuse was 
committed by an employee , agent , customer, patron,  or guest  of yours (or any other third party)  with access to your Internet Service  
account.  You may not assign or transfer your Internet Service  without our written consent.  If you do, we may terminate  your Internet 
Service  and you will be liable for any Termination Fee . 
7. Warranties and Limitations of  Liability . 
7.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES . YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICE S ARE  AT 
YOUR SOLE RISK. VIASAT  AND  VIASATS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE 
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS , SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, WHOLESALERS, DEALERS, DISTRIBUTORS, 
SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS , AND  THIRD -PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS ( COLLECTIVELY, VIASAT S PARTNERS) 
DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANT IES THAT THE INTERNET SERVICE  WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR 
ERROR FREE , AS WELL AS ANY AND ALL WARRANT IES AS TO THE RE SULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF 
THE INTERNET SERVICE , INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION,  ANY MINIMUM UPLOAD OR DOWNLOAD 
SPEEDS , OR LATENCY PERFORMANCE . THE INTERNET SERVICE  IS DISTRIBUTED ON AN AS IS AND AS 
AVAILABLE  BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING , 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE , OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, OR 
NON -INFRINGEMENT. VIASAT  AND VIASATS PARTNERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY THAT THE INTERNET SERVICE  WILL BE ERROR FREE, SECURE , OR UNINTERRUPTED , OR WILL 
OPERATE AT ANY MINIMUM SPEED. NO ORAL ADVICE OR WRITTEN INFORMATION GIVEN BY VIASAT  OR 
ANY OF VIASAT S PARTNERS SHALL CREATE A  WARRANTY; NOR SHALL YOU RELY ON ANY SUCH 
INFORMATION OR ADVICE. BECAUSE VIASAT  PROVIDES SUBSCRIBERS WITH ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO THE 
CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET, VIASAT AND VIASATS PARTNERS  CANNOT AND DO NOT 
WARRANT THE ACCURACY OF ANY OF THE INFORMAT ION YOU OBTAIN THROUGH THE INTERNET 
SERVICE . VIASAT AND VIASATS PARTNERS  SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DAMAGE 
TO OR LOSS OR DESTRUCTION OF ANY HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, FILES , OR DATA RESULTING FROM  YOUR 
USE OF THE INTERNET SERVICE .  
7.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY . NEITHER VIASAT  NOR ANY OF VIASAT S PARTNERS SHALL BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE INTERNET SERVICE , INABILITY TO USE THE INTERNET SERVICE , OR ANY 
BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY. WITHOUT IN ANY WAY LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IF 
FOR ANY REASON, BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE, ANY PORTION OF THE FOREGOING 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OR THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTION 7.1  AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS 
AGREEMENT  SHALL BE VOIDED, THEN IN SUCH EVENT VIASAT S MAXIMUM, SOLE, AND EXCLUSIVE 
LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF VIASAT S PARTNERS SHALL BE LIMITED TO GENERAL MONEY 
DAMAGES IN AN AMOUNT NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID TO VIASAT  BY YO U FOR  
THE APPLICABLE  SERVICE DURING AND FOR A PERIOD OF TIME COMMENCING UPON THE OCCURRENCE 
OF ANY  ERROR, DEFECT , OR FAILURE AND CEASING UPON THE DISCOVERY OF SUCH  ERROR, DEFECT , OR 
FAILURE , IN WHOLE OR IN PART; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL SU CH PERIOD OF TIME 
EXCEED THE 12 -MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE THAT  SUCH ERROR, DEFECT , OR 
FAILURE IS FIRST DI SCOVERED IN WHOLE OR IN PART.  
Version 6.3       7.3 Applicability and Exceptions . The foregoing exclusions or limitations of liability apply regardless of  any allegation 
or finding that a remedy failed its essential purpose, regardless of the form of action or theory of liability (including, without 
limitation, negligence) and even if Viasat , Viasat s Partners,  or you  were advised or aware of the possibility or likelihood of such 
damages or liability.   
7.4 Service Interruptions . Internet Service  may be interrupted from time to time for a variety of reasons , including , 
without limitation,  weather conditions at the Subject P remises  or at your assigned gateway location . Weather conditions at your 
assigned gateway may be different than the weather at the Subject P remises . The Internet Service  is not fail safe and is  not designed or 
intended for use in situations requiring fail -safe performance or in which an error or interruption in the Internet Service  could lead to a 
severe injury to persons, property, or the environment. You expressly assume, and shall indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from , 
all risks and liabilities as sociated with your use of the Internet Service  in situations requiring fail -safe performance. Without limiting 
the foregoing, w e are not responsible for any interruptions of the Internet Service  that occur due to acts of God  (including , without 
limitation,  weather) , power failure , satellite failure, ground station failure,  or any other cause beyond our reasonable control.  However, 
because we value our subscribers, for an interruption of a significant length of time that is within our reasonable control, upon your 
request we may provide what we reasonably determine to be a fair and equitable adjustment to your account to make up for the 
Internet Service  interruption.  THIS WILL BE YOUR SOLE REMEDY AND OUR SOLE DUTY IN ALL SUCH CASES .  
7.5 Indemnity . You agree to i ndemnify , defend , and hold  us harmless against all claims, liability, damages, costs and 
expenses, including , without limitation,  reasonable attorneys  fees, arising out of or related to any and all use s of your account.  This 
includes, without limitation, responsibility for all consequences of your violation of this Agreement (or a violation  of this Agreement  
by any user of your account) or placement on or over, or retrieval from or through, the Internet Service  of any sof tware, file, 
information, communication , or other content , and all costs incurred by us in enforcing this Agreement against you.    
7.6 Third -Party Beneficiaries . The provisions of this Section 7 are for the benefit of us and Viasat s Partners , and each 
shall h ave the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly on its own behalf  against you . Other than as expressly stated in this 
Agreement, this Agreement shall not be deemed to create any rights in third parties  and no other party shall be deemed a thir d-party 
beneficiary under this Agreement . 
8. General  
8.1 Call Monitoring, Recording , and Other Communications . For quality assurance, Viasat  records and/or monitors 
telephone calls and online chat sessions  between its customers and Viasat  agents, employees , and/or its affiliates regarding the Internet 
Service . By using the Internet  Service , you ( and anyone calling  or otherwise contacting Viasat  with regard to your account ) consent to 
any and all call  and online chat session  recording and monitoring performed  by Viasat  or its agents, employees , and/or its affiliates. 
You agree that by entering into this Agreement and providing Viasat  with your telephone number and/or your e -mail address, Viasat  
or its agents may contact you for: (a) any account -related issues by calling or texting you at such number(s) using a 
prerecorded/artificial voice or text message delivered by an automatic telephone dialing system and/or using a call made by l ive 
individu als, and/or (b) for any account -related issues or for marketing purposes by sending an e -mail to such e -mail address. The 
consent provided here continues even if your Viasat  Service terminates. If you do not wish to receive marketing emails, you may 
follow  the opt -out instructions contained in any such email  by making an opt -out request or by calling  1-855-313-4111.  
8.2 Applicable  Law . This Agreement is made in the State of Colorado . This Agreement and all of the parties  
respective rights and duties, including , without limitation, claims for violation of state laws, unfair competition laws, and any claims in 
tort shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado , excluding conflicts of law  provisions . 
For clarity, the Feder al Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of Section 8.3 . 
8.3 Dispute  Resolution . To expedite resolution of issues  and control the cost of disputes, you and Viasat  agree that any 
legal or equitable claim  or cause of action  relating to this Agreement, any addendum, or the Internet  Service (referred to as a  Claim ) 
will be resolved as follows:  We will first try to  resolve any Claim informally. Accordingly, neither of us may start a formal proceeding 
until at least 60 days af ter one of us notifies the other of a Claim in writing ( Notice ). You will send your Notice to the address on the 
first page of this Agreement to the attention of the Viasat  Legal Department  and we will send our Notice to your billing address.  If you 
and Viasat  are unable to resolve the C laim within 60 days after Notice is received, then Viasat  and you agree to arbitrate any and all 
Claims  between us. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted.  It includes, but is not limited to:  
 Any Claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract,  statute, 
fraud, misrepresentation,  tort, or any other legal theory  relating in any way to this Agreement, the Internet Service , the 
Leased Equipm ent, installation of the Leased Equipment or service calls ; 
 Any Claims that are currently the subject of a purported class action suit in which you are not a member of a certified 
class; and /or 
 Any Claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement  that in any way relate to the Internet Service , the 
Leased Equipment, installation of the Leased Equipment, service calls,  or this Agreement.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court  in the county of your billing address  
if permitted by the laws of such county . You agree that by entering into this Agreement, you and Viasat  each expressly waiv e the 
Version 6.3       right to participate in a class action and/ or a trial by jury . This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and 
thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. Th is Dispute Resolution  provision shall 
survive termination of this Agreement.  The arbitration shall  be governed by t he C ommercial Arbitration Rules ( the Arbitration  
Rules ) of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ), as modified by this Agreement, and will be a dministered by the AAA.  The 
Arbitration  Rules are available online at adr.org or  by calling the AAA at 1 -800-778-7879 . The arbitrator is bound b y the terms of this 
Agreement. All issues shall be for  the arbitrator to decide, except issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this Dispute 
Resolution provision , which shall solely be for a c ourt of competent jurisdiction to decide. Any arbitration hearings shall  take place in 
Douglas, Denver, or Arapahoe County  in Colorado . During the arbitration, neither party shall disclose to the arbitrator the amount of 
any settlement offer made by either part y, until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to wh ich you or Viasat  is entitled. If 
your C laim is for $10 ,000 or less, you and Viasat  agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the 
basis (a) of documents s ubmit ted to the arbitrator, (b) through  telephonic hearings, or  (c) by an in -person h earing as established by the 
Arbitration  Rules. If your C laim exceeds $10 ,000, the right to a heari ng shall  be determined by the Arbitration  Rules.  Regardless of 
the manne r in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient ly explain ing the 
essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.  If the arbitrator finds t hat either the substance of a partys  Claim or the 
relief sought by a Claim is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in the Federal Rule of 
Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees related to the arbitration shall  be governed by the A rbitration  Rules. In such case, 
you agree to reimburse Viasat  for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your  obligation to pay under the Arbitration  
Rules.  The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the in dividual party seeking relief and only to the 
extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that partys individual Claim. YOU AND VIASAT  AGREE THAT EACH MAY 
BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A 
PLAINTIFF O R CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.  Further more , 
the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one persons Claim, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representat ive or 
class proceeding, unless both you an d Viasa t otherwise agree in writing . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the 
contrary, if Viasat  makes any f uture change to this Dispute Resolution  provision during your Minimum Service Term , you may reject 
any such change by sending us written not ice within 30 days of the change to the address on the first page of this Agreement. By 
rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language o f this 
Dispute Resolution provision. Any Claim  brought by you, or by users of your account, with respect to the Internet Service, the Leased 
Equipment, the installation of the Leased Equipment, service calls, or this Agreement  must be instit uted within one year after the 
Claim has arisen or it will be barred.   
8.4 Export Laws . Without limiting your obligations under Section 6.5, you acknowledge  that the hardware, software, 
technical data or technology, and/or services ( for purposes of this Section 8 .4 only,  collectively , the  Products ) supplied by Viasat, 
directly or indirectly, under this Agreem ent are subject to U.S. export l aws and regulations and t he laws of non -U.S. governments that 
may apply to the import, export, use, transfer , or distribution of the Products.  The applicable U.S. regulations are determined by the 
export control level of the Products and may include, without limitation , the Export Administration Regulations, Foreign Assets 
Control Regulations, and  the International Traffic in Arms Regulations.  You shall  comply with these l aws. Viasat  shall have no 
obligation to deliver any Produc ts in violation of U.S. export laws . You will  not, without prior U.S. governmental a uthority 
authorization, export, re -export, or transfer ( for purposes of this Section 8 .4, collectively  Export ) any Products, either directly or 
indirectly, to any country subject to a U.S. trade embargo or sanction, or to any resident or national of these countries (a current list 
includes Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan , and Syria ), or to any person or entity listed on any U.S. g overnment restricted party list . In 
addition, no Products may be exported , re-exported, or transferred  to any end -user engaged in prohibited activities, or for any end -use, 
directly or indirectly related to the desi gn, development, production, or use of weapons of mass destruction including nuclear, 
chemical, or biological weapons, and/or the missile technology to deliver them.   
8.5 Notices , Disclosures and Other Communications . Where notification by Viasat  is contemplated by or related to 
this Agreement, notice may be made by any reasonable means, including, without limitation , e-mail or publication over the Service  or 
the Viasat  Website . A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electr onic form by Viasat  shall be admissible in 
judicial , arbitration,  or administrative proceedings relating to or based upon this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same 
conditions as other business documents and records originally generated  and maintained in printed form . 
8.6 Construction and Delegation . If any term of this Agreement is found by a court or arbitrator of competent 
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal , or unenforceable, it shall be construed in such a way as to eliminate the offending a spects while still 
giving as much effect as possible to the intentions of such term.  If this cannot be done and the entire term is invalid, illegal , or 
unenforceable and cannot be so repaired, then the term shall be considered to be stricken from this Agre ement as if it had not been 
included from the beginning.  In any such case, the balance of this Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with its remaining 
terms notwithstanding such invalid, illegal , or unenforceable term.  Neither the course of condu ct between the parties nor trade practice 
shall act to modify the provisions of this Agreement . We may authorize or allow our contractors and other third parties to provide t he 
services necessary or related to making the Internet Service  available and to perform obligations and exercise our rights under this 
Agreement , and we may collect payment on their behalf, if applicable.   
8.7 Miscellaneous . We may enforce or decline to enforce any or all of the terms of this Agreement  in our sole 
discre tion. In no event shall we be required to explain, comment on, suffer liability for , or forfeit any right or discretion based on , the 
Version 6.3       enforcement, non -enforcement , or consistency of enforcement of these terms. Captions used in this Agreement  are for conven ience 
only and shall not be considered a part of this Agreement  or be used to construe its terms or meaning.  The provisions of any Sections 
of this Agreement that  by their nature should continue shall survive any termination of this Agreement.  
8.8 Assignment o f Account . We may sell, assign , pledge , or transfer this A greement, your account , or an interest in 
your account to a third party without notice to you. In the absence of a notice of such sale or transfer, you must continue to make all 
required payments to us in accordance with your billing statement.  
8.9 Entire Agreement . This Agreement  (including all documents and writ ings identified in this Agreement as being 
part of this Agreement)  constitute s the entire and only agreement with respect to its subject matter between you and Viasat , applicable 
also to all users of your account. This Agreement supersedes all representati ons, proposals, inducements, assurances, promises, 
agreements , and other communications with respect to its subject matter.