FRONTIER SERVICES AGREEMENT  
Frontier Confidential  
Ver. 2016.09   
This Frontier Services Agreement  (FSA) is effective as of 09/28/2021  (Effective Date), by and between Frontier Communications of America, Inc. on behalf of itself 
and its affiliates which provide Equipment and Services identified in the Schedules ( Frontier ), and  The Peterbilt Store, LLC , whose primary address is 120 Un iversal 
Drive, North Haven, Connecticut, 06473 ( Customer) .   
This document  incorpora tes the complete Frontier Services Agreement terms and c onditions  
at http://www.Frontier.com/FSA  as an integral part of the agreement (collectively, the FSA).  
Provision of Services  and Equipment  
Frontier will provide and the Customer agre es to pay for the  communications, 
installation and maintenance  services  (collectively Service ), and/or purchase 
or lease equipment  (Equipment ), described in this FSA and Schedules issued 
by Frontier and executed by Customer .  
Customer acknowledges that certain  Services may be governed by tariff  or price 
schedule filed with the Federal Communications Commission and/ or the s tate 
public utilities commission . In the event of any inconsistencies between this FSA 
and an applicable tariff, the tariff  shall control  except with respect  to pricing, 
early termination charges or cancellation charges for which this FSA shall control .  
Term  
The term of this FSA will commence as of the date identified in the introductory 
paragraph above or the date the FSA is executed by both Parties, whichever is 
later (the Effective Date) and will continue through the Service  Term with 
respect to any Servi ce or Equipment provided pursuant to this FSA. Customer 
will purchase the Services , or lease Equipment,  identified in each Schedule for 
the period of time stated in the Schedule (the Service Term ).  If neither party 
provides the other with written notice  of its intent to terminate a Service at least 
sixty (60) days prior to expiration, t he Service Term of each Service will 
automatically renew for additional one -year periods, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this FSA and at the then applicable one-year term rate, excluding 
promotional rates .  If the parties agree to negotiated renewal terms, such terms 
will not be effective unless and until documented in writing and executed by 
both parties.  
Payment  
Customer shall pay all charges set forth in the Schedules and in applicable tariffs 
during the Service Term .  Frontier will invoice Customer any non -recurring 
charges (NRC ), monthly recurring charges (MRC) , and usage based charges .   
In addition to the applicable charges set forth in the tariffs and Schedules, 
Customer shall pay all applicable federal, state or local sales, use, privilege, gross 
receipts, utility , value added, excise or other taxes ( excluding  taxes based on 
Frontiers  net income), or any charges in lieu thereof, and any applicable 
surcharges or fees, whether government mandated or Frontier initiated in the 
amounts applicable at the time of billing.  Customer shall also be responsible for 
third party charges and penalti es incurred as a result of Customers use of the 
Services  or Equipment .   Cancellation and Early Termination Charges  
If Customer cancels any Service or Equipment prior to delivery of any E quipment 
or installation  of the Service  or Equipment , Customer shall pay a cancellation 
charge  equal to  the NRC and  one (1) month of MRC  for the Service, plus the total 
costs and expen ditures  of Frontier in connection with establishing  the Service 
prior to Frontiers receipt of notice of cancellation, including but no t limited to 
any Equipment restocking fees .   
Following installation, Customer may terminate a Service or Equipment by 
providing at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Frontier. All unpaid 
amounts shall be due upon termination of any Service identified in a Schedule 
for any reason. In addition, and unless otherwise specifically provided in the 
applicable Sche dule, if any Service  or Equipment is terminated by Customer for 
any reason other than breach  by Frontier  or by Frontier due to Customers 
breach , then Customer shall pay Frontier a termination charge equal to the 
applicable MRC and all related taxes and su rcharges multiplied by the number of 
months remaining in the Service Term.   Partial months shall be prorated.   
Customer agrees  that Frontiers damages in the event of early termination will 
be difficult or impossible to ascertain , and that t he charges identified in this FSA 
are intended  to establish liquidated damages in the event of termination an d are 
not intended as a penalty.  
Dispute Resolution  
Except as otherwise specifically provided in or permitted by this FSA, all disputes 
arising in connection with this FSA shall first be resolved through good faith 
negotiation.  If, after negotiating in good faith for a period of ninety (90) calendar 
days, or any agreed further period, the parties are unable to resolve the dispute, 
then each party  may seek resolution by exercising any rights or remedies 
available at law or in equity.  Customer and Frontier agree that each  may  only  
bring claims against the other in an individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or 
class member in any purporte d class, representative, or private attorney general 
proceeding.  
Authorization and Entire Agreement  
Each party represents that the person executing this FSA is authorized to enter 
into this FSA on its behalf. This FSA, the terms and conditions , including the 
Limitation of liability, warranty, indemnification, breach and other terms and 
conditions,  at http://www.Frontier.com/FSA , and any Schedules executed by the 
parties constitute the entire agreement between the  parties pertaining to the 
subject matter herein and supersedes all prior oral and written proposals, 
correspondence and memoranda with respect thereto. This FSA may not be 
modified, amended or supplemented except by written agreement signed by an 
authoriz ed representative of each party . 
Frontier Communications of America, Inc.  The Peterbilt Store, LLC , 
Signature:  {{Sig2_es_:signer2:signature}}  Signature:  {{Sig1_es_:signer1:signature}}  
Printed Name:  {{Name2_es_:signer2:fullname}}  Printed Name:  {{Name1_es_:signer1:fullname}}  
Title:  {{Ttl2_es_:signer2:title}}  Title:  {{Ttl1_es_:signer1:title}}  
Date:  {{Dte2_es_:signer2:date}}  Date:  {{Dte1_es_:signer1:date}}  
Contractual Notice:  Frontier Communications  
111 Field Street  
Rochester, NY 14620  
Attn: Legal Department  Contractual Notice:  The Peterbilt Store CT , LLC 
120 Universal Drive 
Nort h Haven, Connecticut 06473 
Attn:  Legal Department 
Ava Harrington
Director of Technology
9/28/2021