Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
1 
MA
STER SERVICES AGREEMENT  
THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ) is dated as of July 7th, 2021 by and between 
the client listed below on this cover page ( Client ) and Thrive Operations, LLC ( Thrive ) (Client and Thrive are each 
referred to as a  Party  and collectively as the  Parties ).   
CONT
ENTS OF AGREEMENT.   This Agreement includes  this cover sheet , the General Terms and 
Conditions set forth below , and the terms and conditions of any Service Orders as may hereafter be made 
part hereof as provided herein.  
Eac
h Party has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative as of the day 
and year first written above.  
CLIENT: Francisco Partners Management, L.P.  THRIVE OPERATIONS, LLC  
By: ___________________________________  By: ___________________________________  
Name: Steve Eisner  Name: _______________________________ _ 
Title: General Counsel  Title:  __________________________________  
Address for Notices  
Francisco Partners Management, L.P. 
One Letterman Drive 
Building C - Suite 410 
San Francisco, CA 94129 
ATTN: Peter Ostashen 
Email: peter.ostashen@franciscopartners.comThrive Operations , LLC  
25 Forbes Blvd, Suite 3  
Foxborough, MA  02035  
ATTN:  Contract Operations  
Email:  contract.operations@thrivenetworks.com 
Executive Vice President
Leonard Q. Slap
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
2 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
Pa
rt of 
Master Services Agreement  
Between Thrive Operations, LLC and Francisco Partners Management, L.P.  
Definitions :  The following capitalized terms are used with the meaning set forth below:  
Products :  means products and other goods, including hardware, software and other tangible and intangible items, 
and other deliverables provided to Client by Thrive as contemplated by this Agreement.  
Service (s):  means, services (including maintenance, support, security, hosting, procurement, development, 
integration, administrative and other services ), including those to be provided on a one- time basis and those to be 
provided on a recurring monthly basis.   
Service Order:  means a Service Order signed by the Parties referencing this Agreement and describing the 
Products  and Services to be provided to Client by Thrive and setting forth the price and other terms and conditions 
on which such Products  and Services are to be provided.   
Servic e Provisioning Date means for each recurring monthly Service  to be provided under a Service Order the date 
as of which Thrive delivers to Client notice via email or other digital or electronic means (a Service Provisioning 
Notice ) that such Service is provisioned and available for use by Client.   
Service Provisioning Completion Date means for each Service Order the Service Provisioning Date for the last of 
the recurring monthly Services  to be provisioned and made available for use by Client under such Service Order.  
1. SERVICES .
(a) General . This Agreement governs Products  and Services Thrive  or its affiliates  may provide 
or sell to Client.  Products  and Services will only be delivered to Client pursuant to one or more Service Order s.  Once 
executed by both Parties, a Service Order  becomes part of this Agreement, although the terms of a Service Order  
will govern only the Services described in that Service Order .  The terms and conditions set forth in a Service Order 
will control any discrepancy between that Service Order and these General Terms and Conditions . 
(b) Procurement  of Products .
(i) All purchases of Products  by Client from Thrive under a Service Order will be final at the time th e
or
der therefor is placed by Thrive with a third -party  supplier .  Each  purchase of Products  from Thrive will be 
considered an independent  and separate transaction from the purchase of Services from Thrive, even if both 
Products  and Services are included in the same Service Order.   
(ii) Thrive shall not be liable for any damages, costs, or delays in the provision of Services by Thriv e
under
 any Service Order arising  in connection with Clients procurement of Products  from a party other than Thrive 
(such procurement by Client referred to as  a Client Third Party Procurement ).  Client will reimburse Thrive for the 
out-of-pocket expenses Thrive incurs  and will pay Thrive (at the hourly rates specified in the applicable Service Order ) 
for the additional time Thrive devotes to the provision of Services  as a result of  or arising  in connection with any Client 
Third Party  Procurement.  
(c) Price Changes .  Pricing for Services are subject to change as follows:
(i) Thrive may pass on to Client the actual amount of any increase in the cost to Thrive of goods and
service s included in or among the Products  and Services that are sourced by Thrive from a Third -Party  Provider (as 
referenced in Section 4 below) .  Thrive will notify Client at least 30 days in advance of any such increases and provide 
Client supporting documentation for any such increases upon request . 
(ii) All prices for Services provided in accordance with any Service Order will  increase by three percent
(3%) upon each renewal of such Service Order in accordance with the terms  thereof . 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
3 
(d) Minimum Hardware, Operating System and Software Standards .
Client agrees to maintain the minimum hardware, operating system and software standards  (and licenses 
therefor)  set forth in each Service Order  or otherwise necessary to receive the Services , which may include, among 
other matters, versions of operating systems and hardware, security, data protection and environmental (HVAC, and 
electrical power) controls and network bandwidth  requirements  (such minimum standards, as the same may be 
changed or supplemented by Thrive from time- to-time being referred to as  Minimum Standards ).  Unless otherwise 
contemplated by a Service Order, Thrive  has no duty to assure or assess whether or not Clients network meets 
Minimum Standards and disclaims responsibility for any loss, damages, costs or delays Client incurs or realizes as a 
result of or in connection with the failure or malfunction of any part of Clients network or systems that do not meet Minimum Standards.  Client will reimburse Thrive for the out -of-pocket expenses Thrive incurs  and will pay Thrive (at 
the hourly rates specified in the applicable Service Order) for the additional time Thrive devotes to the provision of Services as a result of or arising in connection with Clients network components managed by Thrive not  adhering to 
the Minimum Standards . Client will also adhere to any Acceptable Use Policies that may be in effect from time to time 
and applicable to all Thrive customers, which will be communicated or made available by Thrive on its website, and which will be deemed incorporated by reference herein.   
(e) Access to Client Facilities .  Client will provide Thrive access to and right to use all Clients facilities,
including all hardware and software owned, leased or licensed by Client, to the extent reasonably necessary to enable  
Thrive to provide Services to Client in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions  and any Service Order.  
(f) Service Reduction.  Client will have the right to reduce or cancel the recurring monthly  end-user and
subscription based Services  (excluding  Services on account of which Thrive has purchased equipment, licenses or 
other property that is dedicated to its provisioning)  delivered pursuant to one or more of the Service Orders upon not 
less than 30 days prior written notice to Thrive;  provided that the resulting aggregate reduction in the recurring monthly 
charges payable by Client as a result of all such reductions or cancellations of such Services shall in no event exceed 
ten percent (10%) of the aggregate recurring monthly charges for such Services as originally set forth  in the Service 
Orders  in accordance with which such Services  are provided. 
(g) Thrive Equipment . Client will maintain and p rotect the equipment and other hardware and 
tangible goods placed by Thrive in the Clients possession or control (and that is not Clients property) in connection with the provision of Services (collectively, Thrive Hardware) in good working condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and  will not modify, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, rent, lease, loan, transfer, or copy such 
Thrive Hardware (including any software or firmware that is part of, incorporated into or running on the same). Cli ent 
assumes all risk of compliance with any government regulation relating to the operation of Thrive Hardware, as well 
as the loss, damage, theft, or destruction thereof, while it is in the Customers possession or control or that of its 
agents, including any carrier (except any carrier transporting Thrive Hardware from Thrive to Client), and Client will 
reimburse Thrive for any costs of necessary repair or replacement (including shipping costs). Client will keep Thrive Hardware free of all security interests, liens, and other encumbrances.  
2. TERM . This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and, unless earlier terminated as permitted herein,
will continue in effect during the Term of any Service Order (as defined therein) entered in connection herewith and
t
hereafter in accordance with Section 9 (e) below .
3. PAYMENT S.
(a) Fees  and Charges . Client agrees to pay Thrive the fees, charges, expenses  and other 
amounts for  the Products  and each Service specified in a Service Order  during the Term of and as provided in such 
Service Order  and in these General Terms and Conditions . In addition, Client will be responsible for payment of all 
applicable sales and other taxes,  and all  surcharges and handling fees levied by third party suppliers , on Products  
and Services provided by Thrive.   
(b) Commencement of Billing . Thrive will, subject to Section 3(f) below, bill Client for Products included
in a Service Order five (5) business days after Thrive notifies Client that the same is ready for shipment to Clients site (without regard to delays in Clients acceptance thereof).  Thrive will begin billing for one- time Services included 
in a Service Order upon commencement of such one- time Services.  Thrive will begin billing for each recurring 
monthly Service included in a Service Order beginning on the Service Provisioning Date of such Service and continuing through the end of the Term of such Service Order.  
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
 4 
(c) Payment of Invoices . Invoices for fees, charges and other amounts charged hereunder, 
whether for  Products , Services or otherwise, will be due and payable in full within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice 
therefor .  Thrive may charge Client a finance charge of one and one- half percent (1.50%) per month on balances 
(other than those disputed pursuant to Section 3(d) below) for which payment has not been received within thirty (30) 
days of the date of such invoice.   
(d) Disputes . If Client in good faith disputes any portion of an invoice, Client will promptly pay 
the undisput ed portion of the invoice and submit to Thrive a written claim within thirty  (30) days of the due date thereof 
as provided in Section 3(c) above d escrib ing in reasonable detail  the basis of the dispute and including  any relevant 
supporting documentation.   After receipt of such claim, Thrive will undertake an investigation of the disputed charges, 
and, subject to Thrives rights under Section 9  below, both Parties agree to make a good faith attempt to resolve the 
dispute promptly.  Any failur e by Client to submit a written dispute of charges  with the information specified above  
within such thirty-day period will be deemed final agreement by Client  without defense or counterclaim with all charges 
on the invoice for all purposes .  Client will be  liable to Thrive for all reasonable fees and expenses, including 
reasonable attorneys fees and litigation costs, that Thrive incurs to collect amounts due to Thrive from Client under or in connection with this Agreement or any Service Order.   
(e) Expens es. Client agrees to reimburse Thrive for all reasonable and ordinary out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by Thrive in delivering Products  and Services to Client, such as parking, out -of-area travel 
expenses, international phone calls, and pay -per-incident third party support calls.  Thrive will itemize such expenses 
on Clients invoices and will not incur any single expense greater than $ 250 without Clients prior written approval.   
(f) Timing of Products  Orders . Thrive reserves the right to delay procuring Products  from third 
party suppliers pending Thrives receipt from Client of payment of all or any portion (as determined by Thrive in its discretion) of the price therefor set forth in the Service Order providing for such Products .  Thri ve will notify Client of 
any requirement that Thrive receive payment for Products  in advance of Thrives ordering the same from third party 
suppliers and Thrive will not be responsible thereafter f or any damages, costs or delays Client experiences as a res ult 
of the timing of the delivery of such Products  to Client under any Service Order.    
4. THIRD PARTY GOODS & SERVICES.    
 (a) Third Party Providers .  Client acknowledges that Services may include or incorporate goods or services 
manufactured, produced and/or delivered by third parties ( Third -Party Providers ).  Thrive hereby assigns to Client 
any warranties provided by Third Party Providers of goods and services that are resold by Thrive (to the extent 
permitted to be so assigned or passed through) and Client agrees to pursue all defective product, quality, breach of 
warranty and other claims directly against such Third -Party  Providers  and not against T hrive. Thrive will not be 
responsible for any such claims; however,  Thrive will reasonably assist Client in resolving any performance, quality, 
breach of warranty or other claims of Client with the applicable Third- Party Providers of such goods or services .  Client 
acknowledges that some Products  cannot be returned or cancelled once ordered.  At the request of Client, Thrive 
will make a reasonable attempt to return Products  to the Third- Party Provider and Client agrees to reimburse Thrive 
for any restocking fees  and other out -of-pocket expenses Thrive may incur in connection therewith.  However, Client 
agrees that Thrive is under no obligation to take back from Client any Products  ordered from Thrive if Thrive is unable 
to return those same Product s to the Third -Party  Provider.  Risk of loss or damage for Products  purchased from 
Third -Party Providers will pass to Client when such Products  are delivered to Client, unless otherwise agreed in 
advance in writing by Client and Thrive.   
 (b)  Software Li censing.  Thrive may use its own third- party software licenses in provisioning Services under 
a Service Order , including among others, antivirus, antispyware and monitoring software (the  Software).  Thrives 
licenses to use such Software are and will remain Thrives property  exclusively,  and except as provided herein, Client 
will obtain no right to such licenses or the source code of the Software licensed thereby .  Thrive hereby grants to Client 
a non- exclusive, worldwide, royalty -free, non- assignable and non- sublicensable license to use the Software solely in 
connection with Services for which such Software is utilized (a License), which License will terminate immediately 
upon termination of such  Services.  Thrive may terminate such License and any Servi ces for which such License is 
utilized  if it determines  that Client has breached the terms of the License.  Upon termination of the License, Client will 
immediately cease to use the Software and related documentation and certify to Thrive within ten (10) days after 
termination that Client has, at Thrives opti on, either destroyed or returned to Thrive the Software and all 
documentation and related information, and all copies thereof, whether or not modified or merged into other materials.  
5. WARRANTIES, DISCLAIMER , LIMITATION OF LIABILITY  AND INDEMNIFICATION.  
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
 5 
 (a)   Services .  Thrive warrants that  Services , including without limitation, those provide d by Third- Party 
Providers, will be performed in a professional manner conforming in all material respects  to prevailing industry 
standards and practices, applicabl e law, and the specifications set forth in the Service Orders  relating thereto.  
Client acknowledges that no network, system, device, hardware, software, or component can be made fully secure 
and, accordingly, agrees that Thrive shall not be liable for   damages arising from or in connection with loss of data 
or breach of privacy of Client's systems except to the extent that Thrive's gross negligence or fraud (and not, e.g., 
equipment failure, software failure, phishing attacks or other fraudulent acts of third parties, or Client's failure to 
follow Thrive's advice) is the direct and primary cause of such loss or breach.  
   (b)  Warranty Disclaimer .  
OTHER THAN THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 5 , THRIVE MAKES NO 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING PRODUCTS OR SERVICES 
AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATION S AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED T O ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT.  
 (c)  Limitation of Liability .   
(i)  IN NO EVENT SHALL THRIVE  BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS 
AGREEMENT OR ANY BREACH HEREOF, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING,  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST REVENUE, LOST 
PROFITS, REPLACEMENT GOODS, COST OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, LOSS OF TECHNOLOGY, RIGHTS 
OR SERVICES, LOSS OF INFORMATION  OR DATA (WHETHER VIA PRIVACY BREACH OR OTHERWISE) , OR 
INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF USE OF SERVICE OR EQUIP MENT, EVEN IF THRIVE  HAS BEEN ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OR LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES.   
 (ii)  EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF THRIVES GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD THRIVE SHALL IN NO 
EVENT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR T HE 
PROVISION OF SERVICES HEREUNDER IN AN AMOUNT EXCEEDING THE AMOUNT OF FEES FOR 
SERVICES PAID BY CLIENT TO THRIVE DURING THE THREE (3) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE 
DATE ON WHICH THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY OCCURED.  
(d)  Mutual Indemnificat ion.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Party (an "Indemnifying Party") 
shall defend at its own expense the other Party, including the other Party's directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates (collectively, the "Indemnified Party"), from and against any and all third- party claims, demands, suits or 
actions to the extent resulting from or arising out of the Indemnifying Party's (i) grossly negligent acts or omissions or fraud in connection with this Agreement, (ii) violation of any statut e, law, ordinance or regulation, or (iii) infringement 
of any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other rights of a third party 
(collectively, an "Indemnifiable Claim"). With respect to each Indemnifiable Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall 
indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Party from and against any and all damages, judgments, awards, 
expenses, and costs (including without limitation those of the type described in Section 5(c)(i) above) that are awarded 
and payable to the third party by a court of competent jurisdiction or that are payable pursuant to a settlement made 
or approved by the Indemnifying Party.   The Indemnifying Party shall have right to defend any Indemnifiable Claim with counsel of its choos ing. 
6.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS .   
(a)  Thrive Intellectual Property . Thrive retains right, title and interest in and to the Services, all intellectual 
property rights contained therein, and all modifications, alterations, derivative works and enhanc ements made thereto 
(collectively,  Thrive IP ).  Client may not modify or create derivative works from or copy any ideas , Features , functions 
or graphics of the Services or Thrive IP or modify or make derivative works based thereon, or offer the Services on a timeshare or service bureau (including software- as-a-service) basis .  Client may use Thrive IP in accordance herewith 
and any Service Order solely as necessary to utilize Services for its own account and otherwise will not disclose or use Thrive IP for any purpose.   
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
 6 
(b)  Client Intellectual Property .  Client retains all right, title and interest in and to all of Clients intellectual 
property rights transmitted by or on behalf of Client to Thrive in connection with the Services (collectively,  Client IP).  
Thrive may not modify or create derivative works from or copy any ideas , features , functions or graphics of the Client 
IP or modify or make derivative works based thereon.  Thrive may use Client IP in  accordance herewith and any 
Service Order in connection with providing Services to Client and otherwise will not disclose or use Client IP for any 
purpose.   
7. CONFIDENTIALITY .  The Parties acknowledge that in connection with this Agreement  each may 
receive from the other certain non- public  information regarding the other P artys financial condition, suppliers, c lients, 
business plans and other information not generally known to the public, including, without limitation, the terms  and 
conditions  of this Agreement  r ("Confidential Information").  The Party receiving Confidential Information of the other 
Party will not except as is required by law or legal process disclose such Confidential Information (i) to any person 
known by the receiving Party to be competitor of the other Party   or (ii) to other third parties  other than the receiving 
Partys employees , representatives and contractors who are bound by confidentiality obligations comparable to those 
set forth herein and who need to know such Confidential Information for purposes of  the receiving Partys performance 
or receipt of the benefits of this Agreement , and will  not use Confidential Information except in connection therewith .  
A Party that has received tangible embodiments of Confidential Information shall promptly return to the disclosing 
Party or destroy such Confidential Information upon the disclosing Partys re quest ; provided that the receiving Party 
is not obligated to delete, purge or expunge Confidential Information maintained on its backup servers and similar 
devices in the ordinary course of its business  (but nevertheless remains  obligated under this Section 7 with respect to 
any such retained Confidential Information) .  The obligation to maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information 
shall continue for so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect and for a period of two (2)  years after t he termination 
hereof , except that the obligation to maintain the confidentiality of trade secrets shall continue in perpetuity.  If the 
Parties have entered into a separate non- disclosure or other agreement regulating the use or disclosure of the Parties  
respective information, then the terms of such separate agreement will control in the event of a conflict between such 
separate agreement and this Section 7.   
8.  HIRING OF REPRESENTATIVES . For so long as this Agreement remains in effect and 
for a period of one (1) year thereafter,  neither Party will employ, hire, contract with, or otherwise engage, or 
seek to employ, hire, contract with, or otherwise engage, any individual who at any time in the preceding twelve 
(12) months was an employee of the other Party involved in the provisioning or receiving of Services under any 
Service Order .  The Parties  agree that any breach of this Section 8  will result in irreparable injury to the other 
Party  for which monetary damages alone would not be an adequate remedy.  Therefore, the Parties agree that 
in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Section 8  by the other Party , the non- breaching Party  will 
be entitled to specific performance and i njunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach or 
threatened breach without the necessity proving the inadequacy of money damages or of posting a bond or 
other security .   
9. TERMINATION .    
(a) Termination of Agreement and Service Order s for Breach of Terms .  
(i) Breach of terms of General Terms & Conditions .  Each Party may notify the other Party if the other 
Party breaches  the terms  of these General Terms and Conditions , which notice will describe in reasonable detail the 
nature of such breach and including relevant supporting documentation.  Unless the breaching P arty within thirty (30) 
days of its receipt of such notice either cures  or remedies  the breach described in such notice in all material respects  
or provides the other Party with a reasonable written plan for doing so, the other Party may, without limitation of its 
other rights and remedies under applicable law, terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of termination  
to the breaching Party . 
(ii) Breach of terms of a Service Order . Each Party may notify the other Party if the other Party 
breaches the terms of  any Service Order, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the nature of such breach  
and including relevant supporting documentation.  Unless the breaching Party within thirty (30) days of its receipt of 
such notice either cures or remedies the breach described in such notice in all material respects or provides the other 
Party with a reasonable written plan f or doing so, the other Party may , without limitation of its other rights and 
remedies under applicable law,  terminate those Services  under such Service Order as to which such breach relates 
(and not this Agreement , other Services provided under such Service Order  or any other Service Order as may then 
be in effect) by providing written notice of termination to the breaching Party.    
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
 7 
(b) Suspension or Termination of Services by Thrive for Failure to Pay . Notwithstanding the 
provisions of Section 9(a) above, i n the event Client does not timely make payment s under this Agreement (other 
than amounts timely disputed in accordance with Section 3(d) above, pending the resolution of such disputes) and 
such payment(s) is (are)  not made  by Client within ten (10)  days of receiving written notice thereof from Thrive, ( which 
notice may be delivered to Client in the same manner as Thrive sends invoices to Client in the ordinary course) Thrive 
may, without limitation of its other rights and remedies under applicable law,  suspend or terminate providing Services 
to Client  under any Service Order as may then be in effect , and Thrive will have no liability for any damages  incurred 
or realized by Client as a result of such suspension or termination of any such Service s.  No such suspension or  
termination of Service under a Service Order  due to Clients non- payment will relieve Client of its obligations to pay 
all charges and other amounts and otherwise comply with and fulfill its obligations under this Agreement,  including 
under that or any other Service Order  as may be in effect .  If Services are suspended for non- payment, lapse in 
service will not count towards completion of the Term of such Services .   
(c) Suspension.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9(a) above, Thrive may suspend the 
Services immediately upon notice to Client if: (i) Client materially violates (or Thrive believes in good faith that Client 
has materially violated) any provision of this Agreement or any provision of the applicable Thrive Acceptable Use 
Policy  (https://thrivenextgen.com/acceptable- use-policy/) ; (ii) there is an unusual and material spike or increase in 
Clients use of the Services and Thrive  believes, in good faith, that such traffic or use is fraudulent or materially and 
negatively impacting the operating capability of the Services; or ( iii) Thrive determines in good faith that its provision 
of the Services is prohibited by applicable Law ; or (iv) Thrive determines in good faith that Client is using the Products 
or Services in violation of applicable law or for an otherwise unlawful purpose. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Thrive 
will use commercially reasonable efforts to (x) provide Client as much prior notice as possible of any situation that it 
is aware of that could lead to a right to suspend described in this subsection, and (y) work with Client to remedy any 
situation that could lead to a right to suspend described in this subsection if such situation can be remedied.  
(d) Duties Upon Termination or Expiration.  
(i) Payment of Obligations/Return of Property .  Upon the expiration or  termination of this Agreement 
or any Service Order, Client will pay the full amount of all unpaid invoices issued under any outstanding Service Order 
and any other payment obligations specified in each outstanding Service Order (other than amounts timely disputed in accordance with Section 3(d) above, pending the resolution of such disputes) .  In addition, excluding any software 
and hardware that is t he Client s property , Client will return all software and hardware provided to Client by Thrive in 
good working condition and free from all liens, charges and encumbrances within thirty days of termination of this 
Agreement or the applicable Service Order( s). 
(ii) Termination Status  Reporting; Further Services .   Thrive will upon expiration or termination of 
any Service under any Service Order  and receipt of all amounts then due and payable to Thrive under  this Agreement  
as relates to such expired or terminated Service  (other than amounts timely disputed in accordance with Section 3(d) 
above, pending the resolution of such disputes)  provide Client a written report on the status of the Service in a form 
and level of detail  reasonably satisfactory to Client .  If requested by Client, Thrive will  assist Client in winding down 
or transferring the terminated or expired Service to Client or its designee  ( such assistance being referred to as  
Migration Services ) in accordance wi th a mutually agreed separate Service Order  signed by the Parties  setting forth 
the terms and conditions thereof, which will include, among other terms  to which Parties may agree,  Client agreeing 
to pay Thrive  for such Migration Services , if applicable, at the hourly rates  set forth in the Service Order under which 
such Service was provided (and if no such rates are set forth in such Service Order, then at hourly rates agreed to 
by the Parties) .  Except as set forth above in this Section 9(d)(ii) and, if applicable, any Service Order providing for 
the provision of Migration Services , Thrive will have no duty or obligation to provide any  Products  or Service or any 
other service or assistance to Client following the expiration or termination of a Service in accordance herewith.   
(e) Survival.  The following provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this 
Agreement: Section 3 (Payment s), Section 4 (Third Party Products  & Services), Section 5 ( Warranties, Disclaimer 
and Limitation of Liability), Section 6 ( Intellectual Property Rights ), Section 7 (Confidentiality), Section 8 ( Hiring of 
Representatives ), this Section 9 (Termination), Section 10 (Force Majeure),  and Section 1 2 (General Terms).  
10. FORCE MAJEURE.  Except for payment obligations, neither Party will be liable for any failure 
or delay  in performance of its obligations under this Agreement arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly, by  
circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control , including, without limitation, fire , pandemics  or other 
casualty, act s of God,  fiber cuts or Internet delays, delay or failure of Third- Party Providers, war, terrorism, or other 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
 8 
violence  or criminal acts , any law, order , requirement  or act of any government or governmental agency or authority 
or other causes beyond the reasonable control of such Party, provided that such Party has informed the other Party 
of such force majeure event promptly upon the occurrence thereof (including a reasonable estim ate of the additional 
time required for  resumed  performance to the extent determinable) and such Party uses reasonable commercial 
efforts to resume performance hereunder  as soon as reasonably practicable.   
11. INSURANCE .  Thrive will maintain  insurance providing at least $1,000,000 commercial 
general liability coverage, as well as statutory workers compensation coverage.  Upon Clients request, Thrive will 
deliver to Client  promptly  a certificate of insurance made out by the applicable insurer(s) or their authorized agents 
as evidence of the insurance required under this Section and for any material policy amendments thereto.  At Clients 
request, Client will be identified as an addi tional insured ATIMA (as their interests may appear) on such certificate of 
insurance.   
12. GENERAL TERMS.   
(a) Governing Law ; Jurisdiction; Venue.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , without regard to the conflict s or choice 
of law provisions thereof that would give rise to the application of the domestic  substantive  laws of any other 
jurisdiction . The Parties agree that any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be brought only in, 
and hereby submit to the jurisdiction of,  the state or federal courts sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts  
and hereby  waive any objections to the jurisdiction, venue or convenience of any such courts .  EACH PAR TY 
WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CO NNECTION WITH THIS 
AGREEMENT.  
(b) Assignment . Neither Party may assign its rights or delegate its duties hereunder without the 
prior written consent of the other Party ; provided that either Party may assign its rights hereunder to, and cause its 
obligations hereunder to be assumed by, a successor to  substantially all of the assets or business of such Party .  If 
there is any assignment or delegation in violation of any of the foregoing restrictions, the non- breaching Party may 
terminate this Agreement and all S ervice  Orders as may then be in effect upo n written notice within ninety (90) days 
after notice or  discovery of such assignment . 
(c) Headings .  The section headings herein are for ease of reference and convenience only and 
are not to be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement.  
(d) Interpretation.  Neither Party shall be considered the drafter of this Agreement or any schedule , 
addendum or exhibit as may be made part thereof so as to give rise to any presumption or convention regarding 
construction hereof or any such other writing.  
(e) Integration; Severability . Except as provided in Section 7 above with respect to separate 
nondisclosure or confidentiality agreements between the Parties, this Agreement, including any Service Orders, sets 
forth the entire agreement and understandings between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and merges all previous and contemporaneous discussions and negotiations between the Parties and supersedes 
and replaces any other agreement that may be in effect as of the date hereof between the Parties or their respective 
subsidiaries or other affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof.   Without limitation of the foregoing, this 
Agreement  supersedes  and replaces  in its entirety any  Master Services Agreement  or similar document  as may be 
in effect as of the date hereof between the Parties or their respective subsidiaries or other affiliates  (any such 
agreement being referred to as the  Original Agreement ).  The parties agree that any statements of work, s ervice 
orders and similar writings as may be  outstanding and in effect under the Original Agreement (the  Outstanding 
SOs) are, from and after the date hereof, Service Orders for all purposes of these General Terms and Conditions  
and the Master Service Agreement or similar agreement referenced in the Outstanding SOs shall from and after 
the date hereof be a reference instead to this Agreement .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, all amounts due to Thrive 
under the terms of the Original Agreement or Outstanding SOs  remain due  in accordance with the terms of the 
Original Agreement or Outstanding SOs,  and unless otherwise specified herein, no such amounts are settled, 
released or compromised hereby .   This Agreement will be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid 
under applicable law, but if any provision hereof will be prohibited or invalid under any such law, such provision will be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating or nullifying the remainder of such  
provision or any other provisions of this Agreement.  If any one or more of the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions  or any Service Order will for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical 
Thrive Operations, LLC Confidential Information            MSA Thrive Operations, LLC  v4a 
 9 
scope, activity or subject, such provisions will be construed by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the 
maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  
(f) No Third- Party Beneficiaries . There are no third- party beneficiaries of this Agreement  or any 
schedule, addendum or exhibit as may be made part hereof . 
(g) Residual Knowledge.  Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent or in any way limit Thrive from 
using general knowledge, skill and expertise acquired in the performance of this Agreement in any current or subsequent engagement or business.  Client shall have no interest in such engagements or business.  
(h) Signatures,  Amendments  and Waivers  and Exercise of Rights . 
(i) Signatures .  This Agreement  and amendments or modifications hereof and consents and waivers 
relating hereto may be executed, issued and accepted electronically (via authenticated digital or similar electronic 
means) and will be effective when transmitted bearing a copy of a manual, digi tal or electronic signature.  
(ii) Amendments and Waivers .  Amendments to and waivers of the provisions of  this Agreement  must 
be in writing (including in a digital format) and signed as provided in Section 12(h)(i) above.   
(iii) Exercise of Rights .  Except  as otherwise provided herein, no failure to exercise or delay in exercising 
any right, power or remedy will operate as a waiver thereof; nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power 
or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or 
remedy.   
(i) Notices . Notices required or permitted to be provided hereunder will be in writing and,   except as 
otherwise provided herein, will be valid and sufficient if delivered in person or sent by nationally recognized overnight 
courier or by email addressed to the Parties at the addresses listed on the cover page of this Agreement .  Notices 
will be deemed received by the Party to whom notice is addressed on the date delivered, if delivered in person or by 
email , or on the next business day after being provided to a nationally recognized overnight courier service, delivery 
charges  prepaid, for next day delivery.   
(j) Publicity . Each Party may use the other Partys name and logo on its website and printed 
materials to identify Thrive as  a service provider to Client.  
(k) Independent Contractor . Each of the Parties is an independent contractor and neither Party is, nor 
will be considered to be, an agent, distributor or representative of the other.  All personnel supplied or used by each 
Party will be its employees or subcontractors and each Party assumes full responsibility for the actions of such 
personnel and for the payment of their compensation (including, if applicable, withholding of income taxes and the payment and withholding of social security and other payroll taxes), workers compensation, disability benefits and the like to the extent applicable.   
END OF GENERAL T ERMS AND CONDITIONS  
FranciscoPartners_MSA_v4a
Final Audit Report 2021-08-25
Created: 2021-08-24
By: George Seybolt (gseybolt@thrivenetworks.com)
Status: Signed
Transaction ID: CBJCHBCAABAAXQI1xUMuf-K9nX3Vhf_7BxC-2cxWeACg
"FranciscoPartners_MSA_v4a" History
Document created by George Seybolt (gseybolt@thrivenetworks.com)
2021-08-24 - 8:03:41 PM GMT- IP address: 146.115.174.82
Document emailed to Leonard Q. Slap (lslap@thrivenetworks.com) for signature
2021-08-24 - 8:04:23 PM GMT
Email viewed by Leonard Q. Slap (lslap@thrivenetworks.com)
2021-08-25 - 2:17:46 PM GMT- IP address: 47.77.41.170
Document e-signed by Leonard Q. Slap (lslap@thrivenetworks.com)
Signature Date: 2021-08-25 - 2:18:11 PM GMT - Time Source: server- IP address: 50.236.142.222
Agreement completed.
2021-08-25 - 2:18:11 PM GMT