TENA
This Master Services Agreement is between Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4 (Ten), with headquarters located at 1700
Union Avenue, Suite B. Batmore, MD 21211, and Yuma Center (Customer), with headquarters located at 4101 Yuna Street Nw,
Washington, DC 20016, and is eMactive as of the last dale signed below ("EMective Date")
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
1. Term of Agreement
This Master Services Agreement wil have a term of five (5) years (MSA Term") Any and all Sennice Order Forms (SOF*) that are
separately executed by Customer wil have their own Service Term, which will Penain to that partcular Service being purchased. If
any Service Term exiends beyond the MSA Term, this MSA will continue to apply to such Servica Order for that Service Term.
2. Services
Ten 4 wil provide to Customer the Services specified in each Addendum and SOF (Services), which documents shall be
incorporated herein and shail consstute a part of this Agreement Tend's provision of Services is in all cases subject to Tend's
Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP"), which is located at www tend us/acceptableusepolicy and as tkewtsa incorporated herein and
Conshtutes @ Dart of this Agreement.
Each SOF will specify the Service Charges, Service Term, Service Location and other information reasonably required by Ten4 to
Provide the Services.
3. Charges and Payments
Charges are specific to the Service being purchased. Customer will pay all Charges as set forth in the SOF for that Service and
shall pay according to the terms and conditions set forth in the Addendum for that Servce,
4 Access
Customer agrees to provide Tend reasonable access to Customer's vorcaldata network, in order that Services may be performed as
set forth in tne SOF. In the ever that said access is rot provided as requested, Customer is aware that delivery and eMectiveness ot
Services may be jeopardized and that addtional charges may be incurred.
The Services are for Customer's use only and Customer may not resell the Services to any other party
6. Warranty Exclusion
Except as expressly stated in thes Agreement, Ter makes no warrantes or representations, express cr implied, either in tact or by
operation of law, and specifically disclaims any warranties of merchantability or ftness for a particular purpose, applicable to the
Services.
7. Limitation of Liability
NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE. INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL.
CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY LOSSES OR DAMAGES INCLUOING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS
OF USE, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF CLIENTS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR COST OF REPLACEMENT
FACILITIES OR SERVICES, ARISING IN ANY MANNER FROM THIS AGREEMENT ANOIOR THE PERFORMANCE OR
NONPERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.
Customer has no contractual relationship with any Undertying Service Providers trough this Agreement and Customer is nota
third-party beneficiary of any Agreement between Tend and an Underlying Sernice Provider. Customer understands and agrees that
Undertying Sernce Providers will nat have any hind of liabtity to customer, regardiess of the form of action, including but not limited
ta failure oF disruption of service
Adcitonally, in no event will Ten4s liability under this Agreement or otherwise ansing out of Ten4's provision of Services hereunder
exceed an amount equal to the previous ninety (90) cays charges for the services to which the liabéity relates,
The foregoing paragraphs cf this Secton 7 will also apply to all Underiying Service Providers with respect to the Services.
8. Indernification
Each party will defend and indemrsty the other party and the Underlying Service Providers. and each of ter respective officers,
employees, and agents, aganst any Sabdiltes and reasonably related costs {inctucing legal fees) incurred in connection with any
third party clams for property damage, personal injury of death arising from of in connection with this Agreement to the extent vaid
laims arse from the party's gross negligence ce willful misconduct. This indemnity shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
ia. 8 8 ¢ Bolt more, MD 21211 ¢ 310-463.8500 « w.tend
Additionally, Customer will defend and indemnity Tent and the Underlying Service Providers, and each of their respectve oficers,
employees, and agents, against any Sabilities ang reasonably related costs (including legal fees) incurred in connection wit any claim
by an end user of the Services, it being understood that Customer, and fal Tend, is fully responsible for any such claims.
9. Default
A party is in detaut of this Agreement if it breaches this Agreement or any SOF and fails to cure such beeach within thirty (30) days of
the other party's notice reasonably spectying the breach. Upon cefault, the non-defaulting party may terminate this Agreement and/or
an afectes SOF by wrtten notice
if Customer is in detautt of this Agreement. all Charges accrued under any SOFs wil be dus and payable ang Tens may, in addibon
{9 ab other available remedies, disconnect Customers Services specific to that.
Tend is in default of this Agreement, only the Charges accrued as of the date of detaut wil be due and payable to Tent,
10. Termination
Inno event shall Customer be entitled to any refund of already paid Service Charges if thes Agreement or any SOF is terminated.
except for a termination based on Ten's cafault, as defined in Section 9 herein.
' Customer terminates a Service (other than fot Ten4s detault) prior to the expiration of the Service Term, Customer wil pay the Earty
Termnaton Fee ("ETF") set forth in the applicable SOF The parties acknowledge that tha ETF is @ genuine estimate of the actual
damages to Tend for Customer's early termination of @ Service and is not a penaty,
11, Confidentiality
the partes entered into a confidentiality or non-Gaciosure agreement in anticipation of this Agreement. such agreement is
incorporated herein and shall apply instead of this Section Otherwise, the parties acknowledge that thay have or will exchange
cenain confidential informaton expressly Gesignated of which should reasonably be known as confidential
information) and each party agrees that neither party will (a) use the other party's Conficential Informaton except tor the purpase|s)
for which @ is disclosed or (b) dasclose the cther party's Confidential Information to any third party excest (i) under an identcal
Confientialty restriction ta the recerving party's employees of contractors who have @ need to know Confidential Information in
Connection with the purposes for which it is disclosed oF [i) when competed by @ court or other government agency (with as much
advance notice ta the disclosing party as reasonably possible).
Tend acknowledges that it may receive certain of Customer's Information that constitutes customer proprietary network information
© customer proprietary information under applicable law. and Ten4 agrees that 4 wil hold all such information in complance with
applicable law
12. Other Terms
Force Majeure
Nother party shal be responsible for any loss, harm, damage, or failure to comply with any obligation hereunder resulting from
arcumsiances beyond its reasonable control (commonly referred to as force majeure events) including, but not listed to fire, flood.
Ten4 may subcontract work to be performed under this Agreement 0.4 shall retain responsibility for the work.
Assicnmert
Neither party may assign its rights and obigations under this Agreement, any SOF, whether by operation of law or otherwise.
without the prior written consent of the otter party, not to be urreasonably withheld,
Publicity
Without the prior written consent cf tha othr Party, neither Party wil (i) publicly use te name, logo ce other Mentfying marks of the
other Party, of (li) issue of permit the issuance of any press release ce other public statement regarding this Agreemert ce the
Partas' relationsrip.
Confit Between Agreoments
In the event of any confict between tis Agreement and a SOF, this Agreement wil control, except to the exlent that the SOF
speciically references the secton/pravision of this Agreement that it is modifying of superseding
Governing Law
This Agreement and the rights of the parties nereunder shal be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
Of Delaware, exciusive of conflict or choice of law rules
Notification
Any notees, requests, consents and other comyrunication under this Contract shail ba in writing and shall be deemed to have been
Gelivered OF the date (a) personaly delivered, {) mailed, postage prepaid, by certified mail with return fecept requested, of (c)
faxed and confirmed, All communicatons under this section shall be addressed to the respective parties hereto as follows:
a,
If to Custorner SS ee eee eee ita Ten4: Tent
1700 Union Avenue. Sute
Baltimore, MD 21211
Attn: Legal Dept,
Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes tha entre agreement between the parties and supersedes al prior er contemporaneous oral and written
agreements, Commitments, Of understandings with respect to the matiers provided for herein, TNs Agreement may not be modified
except by a writing signed by both partes, i He event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be invalid or
Cmission of any cf the provisions cf thes Agreement by the other party will not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of
the Sarre of other provisions.
Acceptance
Ten4 and Customer have caused this Agreement to be executed below by ther duly authonzed signatories.
Customer: Yuma Center Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4
By. By. = Deanna Keay
Load feecvive. Arecte— Date: pecpe "