ADDENDUM to Master Services Agreement GZ | 
Billing Address: 4
Billing Contact and e-mail Address; Kathy Super / $$
Service Locabon Address: 4101 Yura Street NW Washington DC 20018
Asofthe _ dayof » 2020 (Ettective Date"), Tend and Customer enter into this Addendum to the Master Services Agrooment
(*MSA"), Ths Addendum s mtended to be used in conjunction with the MSA, which includes the standard terms and conditions, ang any
consttule part of ths Addendum.
Customer Legal Name nae ee ee ee ee ee
ANDI Yura Street NV Washington,DC 20018
1. Service Term
The Sersce Term for Mutiple Seevices is thirty-six (36) months, invoiced ta Customer on a monthly basis, Giling for the services shall
commence on the earier of 0) Use of the Service by customer or (ii) five (5) days ater delivery of the service to the Customer's service
address.
Auto Renewal: Folowing the Intial Service Term, the SOF shal renew autematically on a month-to-month basis upon the same lerms and
Conditions, and either party either party may terminate at any tine with sixty (60) days written notice
2. Coverage & Cost
Services: Ouring the Service Term, Tent agrees to provide the folowing multisle Service components, for sites Listed in the SOF. which are
listed below:
HOSTED VOICE & FAX SOLUTIONS (Exhibit A)
SERVICES ADMINISTRATION OPTIONS (NOC. BRLING AGGREGATION PROJECT GAT) (Exhibit B)
In addition to the terms and conditions in the MSA and listed herein, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY ANO EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE BOUND
BY THE UNDERLYING SERVICE PROVIDER CONTRACTS. IT primary connectwty such as Fiber, Cable or POTS is not incuded in thes
Agreement, it MUST be cbtained separately
3. Charges and Payments
MRC. Customer agrees to pay Two Hundred Seventy Dollars ($279.00) par month for a Term of thirty-six (26) months, invoiced
$2 Customer on a monthly basis, which shall become due and payable on the first day of each month.
NRC: Customer agrees to pay a one-time fee of Seven Hundred Ninety-Five Dollars ($795.00) in advance, at the time this Agrooment is
signed
Invoices are payable monthly in advance at the beginning of each month, except where Othersise specified herein. All Ten4 invoces are due
nel minty (30) days from the date of the invoce, Arounis net paid when due (tatal Teng invoice, including all Undertying Service Provider and
Ten4 charges) may accrve interest at a rate of 1 5% per month or the highest amount permitted by applicable law, whichever is less.
Charges may not include taxes, fees, USF charges or regulatory surcharges at may be assessed on the Services (Tares"), and Custoner
will be respons®le for all such Taxes Services may be suspended ¢ MAC payment is not recelved within thrty (30) days following Gate due
Ten4 may, during the Service Term and upon notice to Custorner, pass-through to Customer any increase in Costs # Ten4's undertying third
Party Network oF service providers (Underying Service Providers) increase their charges to Ten4 If Custorners equipment is lost of stolen
during the Service Term, Custorner will be responsible for the replacement fee.
t Customer desputes any porton of an invoice retating ta Tend Changes, Customer will notify Tend of the Gspute within fifteen (15) days of the
Gate of the invoice and will include wth such notce all applicable documentaton supporting Customer's dispute. The parties will each designate
an authorized representative to discuss the dispute in good faith, Such discussion to occur within five (5) Dusiness days of the Cate of Customer's
if Custoener disputes any portion of an invcice Felating to Undertying Service Provider charges, Customer will fotify Ter of the dispute within
Mfleen (15) days of te Gate of the invoice and wil inctuce with such notice all applicable documentation supporting Customer's dspute. Tent
will Communicate tye disputed amounts and forward all submitied documentation to the Undenying Service Provider within a reasonable time
but Ter cannot and will not Quarantee the nature or timeliness of a response by the Undertying Service Provider.
K Customer does not dispute an invcice witin the timeframes and otherwise in accomdance with ths subsection, the invoice wil be payable in
ful and Customer will be Geemed to have waived any right to dispute the invoice
4. Customer Obligations
Customer agrees to fully complete al reasonably requested forms which may be needed to provide the Services, incuding but not limted to
Service Order Forms, Letters of Agency, Provider Contracts and others. Ten4 shal tollow its standard and customary procedures in
Processing SOFs under this Addendum. Services may be provided by Ten4 through one or more of its affiliates.
Customer agrees to provide Ten all necessary access to Customer's physical and network infrastructure, 1 order Chat service may ba
pertormed a3 sel forth herein in Me event that sald access is rat provied as requested, Customer is aware that monitoring and trouble
ticketing may be jeopardized.
5. Termination
Termination Fee Cause. Exner party may immecately terminate a SOF by written notice # tha other party breaches a provision of this
Addendum of the Master Services Agreement and the breaching party Goes not cure such breech after written notice ard a five (5) day cure
Period in the event of any felure to pay an atnount due hereunder, of a thirty (30) day cure pericd in the event of any other breach.
if Ten4 Terminates for Cause, Ten4 wil have ra further Nability of obigabon under this Addendum and accompanying SOF.
Eary Termination Fee If Custoener terminates ary Services price to the expiration of the Service Term, Customer shall pay Ten4 an Early
Termnaton Fee equal to the MRC of the initial contract value bmes the number of months remaining under contract for that site. In no event
shall Customer be entitled to any refund Of akeady paid charges if the SOF, Addendurn of MSA, Of any Porton therectf, is terninated.
Ifa phone system opton s taken and this Agreement is lerminated for convenience within ninety (90) days from the phone system installabor,
Customer has tha opton to return the equipment to Ten undamaged and in good working order. Ten shall then reimburse Customer fifty
Hercent (50%) of re NRC paid to Tens,
Al the termination of this Agreement, the Customer shall, within thirty (30) days of said termination, return af rented equipment to Tend
undamaged and in good working order. Customer shal denstat and shp the equipment using a shipping label provded by Tend. Tend shall
use reascnable Gscretion in determining the condition of the equipment upon its return. It is also agreed thal the falure of the Custorrer to return
any equipment, either within tirty (30) days of the termination of thes Agreement or in a condition reasonably determined to be undamaged and
in good working order, shall make the Customer liable to Ten in tha aenount of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000) as liquidated camages
Ten4 and Customer have caused tis Addendum to be executed below by thelr duly authonzed signatories.
Customer; Yuma Center Distributed Computing, inc. dba Tend
By: Deanna R. Kelly ,
—
Toe Fxcecvbhe. Tite: Vice President
EXHIBIT A
Hosted Voice Solutions
Monthly Recurring Charges (MRC-1)
SIP Trunk Bundle (Small) - Incudes up to 5x Enhances SIP Trunks, up to 10x O'Ds, 1n E911 fee,
urimited local and domestic (US and Can). long distance calling in accortanca with Ten4's AUP,
Standard SIP Trunk, Unlimited - includes Unilimtec domastic (US and Can) termination (oul-bourd),
unlimied inbound (nom toll-free) and 1xTN, Additional on-demand (burstabla) SIP Trunks biled at $38.95
Path per month.
Managed Edgemarc 2900a - A managed scalable VPNiroule thal supports dual Ethemet WAN and 4.
managed VLAN, includes 2 FXO ports and 6 FXS ports. Licensed for up 10 300 concurrent WAN VoIP calls
Includes C2E subscription and monitoring
Non-Recurring Charges
On-ste Setup 4 instatation
Local Number Porting (on-boarding)
Remote Setup & Canfiguraton of Ecgemarc Device
~ All Pricing Exciudes Taxes --
E911 NOTICE
Customer understands and accepts the requirements and lrnitations Provided in the E911 document, which are incorporated herein and
Constitute part of this Addendum.
SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT
For al Customer sites tat complete a SOF with Gesignated Hosted Voce SLA equipment, Tené shall warrant the following levels of Service
on tha network when installed by Tend or an authorized technician
4. General Standard. Ten wil use reasonable etorts under the circumstances to mantan its averal network Quality. The quality of
Séfvice provided hereunder shall ba consistent wth other common Carrier industry standards. government regulations and sound business
dractices.
©. Interruptions in Service. Interruptions in service, which are not due to Customer's negligence or non-compliance with the
Provisions of the Agreement (including al Addendums, SOFs aid other relevant documents attacted Mereto}, or the operation or malfunction
of faciities, power, of equipenent prowided by Customer, wil Oe Credited to Custoner as set forth below for the part of the service that the
interrupton affects. A credit allowance wil be made when an interrupton occurs because of a lature of any component furnished by Tent
Under this Agreement.
c. Credit for interruptions An lerruption period begins when Customer reports a service, factity, of cirouit to be interrupted through
the opening of @ trouble ticket ard makes it available tor testing and repair. An interruption period ends when the service, facility, Of Greuit &
Operative, It Customer reports a service, facility. or circuit to be inoperative but declines to make it available for lesting and reper, it is
consdered to be impaired, U4 not interrupted.
i For calculating credit alowances, every mantn Is considered to have 30 days. A credit slowance is applied on a pro rata basis
against te monthly recurring charges for the affected service and is dependent upon the length of the interruption Only those factities on the
interrupted portion of the circuit will receive a credit. No credit will be Gven on the usage-sensitive porton af the sevice
LI A crect allowance wil be given for interruptions of 30 minutes or more, upon weritten request of the customer no later than ten
(10) Dusiness days after the occurrence of the Cutage to Customer's Tend Account Manager. Cred allowances wil be calculated as folows.
i. If the Interruption continues tor less than 24 hours
fa) 130th of the monthiy recurring charge if its the first interrupton in the same biling period
{b) 230th of the monthiy recurring charge if there was a previous interruption of at least 24 hours in the same billing period
tv, Ifthe interruption contnwes for more than 24 hours, 120th of the monthly recurring charge for the first 24 hours and 2/J0ths of
such rate for each additonal 24 hours (or fraction thereo!), however, if service is interrupted for over 24 hours more than cace in the same
billing penod, the 2/30ths allowance applies to the first 24 hours of the SOCONG and subsequent interruptions.
¥ Two of more interruptons of 30 minutes of more during any one 24-hour period shal be considered as ON@ interrupbon.
GC. Maximum Credit. Cred#ts attroutabie to any biting period for interruptions of sensce shall not exceed the total monthly recurring
Charges for that penod for the service and facilities furnished by Ten4 rendered useless or Substantially impaired. The credits set forth in this
SLA shall ba Ten4s sole llabilty and Custorrer's sole remedy in the event of any interruption. Uniess otherwise Specficaly provided in this
Agreement, under no orcumstances shall an interruption be Geened a breach of the Agreement
¢. Interruption™ Defined. For the purpose of applying this provision, the word interruption (whether capitalized or not) shal mean a
complete loss of service resulting in the inability to complete calls (either incoming oF cutpoing of both) due to equipment mattunction or
human errors for a continuous period of more than thity (30) minutes. Interruption* does net include, avd no allowance shall be gven tor,
semice Oficulties such a3 slow cial tone. circuits busy of cther network andior Switching capacity shortages. Nor shal the Wlerrupbor
alowance apply where service is interrupted by the Negligence or willful act of Customer or where Ten4, Pursuant to the terms of the
Agfeement, suspends of terminates service because of Nonpayment of bills due to Tend, unlawful or improper use of the facilities of service,
Of any other reason cowered by the Agreenent. No allowance shal be mace for interruptons dus to electric power failure where. by the
Prowsions of this Agreement, Customer is fesponsible for providing electric power.
{ Limitations on Credit Allowances. No credit allowance will be made for:
i Interruptions arising from the acts or omissions of, of fon-complance with, the provisions of this Agreement or any schedule or
exhibit thereto by Customer or any authorited user, Of any interruptions due to any party other than Ten4 or for events happening on any other
to, the service of Ten or to Ten4s facilities;
li. Interruptions due ta the failure or malfunction of non-Ten4 equipment. including service connected ta Customer-provided
electric power,
We Interruptions of service durng any perod in which Ten4 is not Qiven full and free access to its facilities and equoment for tha
Purposa of investigating and correcting interruptions;
Ww. Interruptions of service dunng any scheduled maintenance period of when Customer has released sensce to Tend for
Maintenance purposes of for implementation of a Customer oeder for a Change in service arrangenents;
Vv. Interruptions of service dus to force majeure @vents beyond the reasonable contro! of Tent.
SERVICE DELIVERY AND ESCALATION
a. Support Hours. Standard live support hours are Monday through Friday, San to 8pn ESTIEDT. Routine requests for changes
(MACDs) are processed Gurng standard support hours. Emergency atter hours, weekend and holiday support available 24/7 via
cal-back service.
Support Contact Information:
Phone — 885.787.6999 or 856.422.5300
Emat-
b. Priority Definitions and Processes.
|. MACD: Routine request for Moves, Adds. Cranges or Deletion of configured services (none service-alecting).
ii Low: Experiencing intermittent problems (0g. state, echo) tat Go not impact the @bdil@y to conduct business.
fal, Medium: Sernce is impared, but Customer can stil conduct business
lv, High: Experiencing 50% of more service Outage of one ce more locations, arcuts, of lines. This may also include intermittent
problems that are so severe that they impact the ability to conduct business.
Mote All HIGH service outage tickets receive immediate attenton ard follow Ups will be made every 2 hours until issue ts closed.
Priority Target Time Escalation Guidelines
2™ Level
¢. Customer Support Contacts. Ten4 has technical support aveladle to assist Custoener. Customer can contact Ter4's Management
tearn listed Delow:
Tectineal Support 888 787 6999 suppotitend us )
_Serior Network Engineer, Bryan Lalonde 856 422 5304 dlaloncegdtert us
Drrectcr, Network Engineering, Tom McDonnell | 856 422.5309 tredcnrabiiien4 us
VP Operatons. Scott Kiemm | 856 422.5302 shiemen@tend us
DISCONNECTS
Customer explicitly requests and Ten4 shall submit @ written request for disconnecton to Customer's current Prowder!s Upon completion of
Porting of lines to Ten4's service at each Customer location. Customer understands and agrees that a request for cisconmect and cancelation
does not guarantee performance of same; disconnection May be contingent upon final payment or other factors. Tend shall not ba responsiile
for any charges resulting from Customer's current provider tailing to pertorm the requested disconnect.
NETWORK CHANGES
Customer understands and agrees that Ted's ablity 10 provide Services may be affected by Customer's network design and any changes to
ts network Gasign oF security requrements may hinder or altogether pravent a Cusiorer's ste trom receiving Services Should Customer
maike any network Gesign changes which require Tend to operate within Customer's network, Customer shall ratify Tens as scon as
reasonably possible Tend shal make a feasonabie etfort to verity which, if any, Customer sites may be affected by ihe change and notty
Customer within five (5) business days
wirice ATH
Sie
EXHIBIT B
Services Administration Options
Monthly Recurring Charges (MRC-2)
NOC SERVICES
Dunng the Service Term, Tend agrees 10 provide help desk services relating to Customer's broadband network as Isted herein, and as may
be amended hereafter in writing. Ten4 agrees to provide the following Services.
Extended helpdesk networkWAN Support, including trouble bcket creation and resolution with undertying providers:
Coverage period: 12 x 6 (Bam - Bom, Mon = Sat, ESTEDT)
Thety (30) minute response time during coverage period
Access to Setvice inventory at each location on NOC Services SOF, via Ten4 Postal
Reporting with matrics (callsiemals received, tickats opened, sites aYtected, tickets resolved, response tenes)
Cancellaton of existing services upon request
After-hours coverage for interruption of Provider Services andior connectivity issues is provided at an additional expense.
i new broadband services are being ordered. Customer agrees to execute the referenced connectivity order's with underying carrier's OR
Customer will execute a Letter of Authonzation (LOA), allowing Tend to purchase connectivity sonices for ths sta as Ogteed to by he
Parties ard described herein above.
B's agreed that the Customer end user wil call Tend's help desk with any network issue. or via other mutualy agroed upon method Tent
shall promplly contact carrier for carriar-related issues but Tend is not responsible for any delay that iz caused solely by the cavriar in rezalving
SUCh carier-related issues.
see eae
wwirial ARN
Sue