ten4
Customer Legal Name: W. F, Ch esley Rea) Esta te, ae PYo mp aid
Equipment Location Address:_/@ #4 Roy 3 North, Suste tor, C ny,
+ .
As of the oay of April 2020 (Effective Date), Ten4 and Customer enter into this Addendum to the Managed Services
Agreement ("MSA"), which was signed and dated Mares CA ¢ 6-6 and is incorporated herein by reference.
ADDENDUM to Master Services Agreement
HOSTED VOICE
1. Service Term
The Service Term for Hosted Voice Services is provided on the Service Order Form (SOF).
Auto Renewal: Following the Initial Service Term, the SOF shall renew automatically on a month-to-month basis upon the same
terms and conditions, and either party elther party may terminate at any time with sixty (60) days written notice.
This Addendum shall continue in effect for as long as any SOF for Hosted Voice Services Is in effect,
2, Coverage & Cost
Services: During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide hosted voice services for sites listed in the SOF, and as may be
amended hereafter In writing. Ten4 offers the following Services and Products:
e = — SIP Trunk Bundling (with option for unlimited)
Hosted Fax
Additional DIDs and setup
Remote setup and configuration of Edgemare device to support SIP trunking
Hosted Phones
Access to account information via Ten4 Portal
In addition to the terms and conditions in the MSA and listed hereln, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE
BOUND BY ANY UNDERLYING SERVICE PROVIDER CONTRACTS.
All bills are due within thirty (30) days upon receipt of Ten4 invoice. Customer will pay all Charges as set forth in the SOF which
shall be signed per location or service ordered and are incorporated herein by reference. Charges listed may not include taxes, fees,
or regulatory surcharges that may be assessed on the Services ("Taxes"), and Customer will be responsible for all such Taxes.
3, Emergency Services 911 Dialing
Customer understands and accepts the requirements and limitations provided in the E911 document, which are incorporated herein
and constitute part of this Addendum.
4, Termination
Termination For Cause. Either party may immediately terminate a SOF by written notice if the other party breaches a provision of
this Addendum or the Master Services Agreement and the breaching party does not cure such breach after written notice and a five
(5) day cure period in the event of any failure to pay an amount due hereunder, or a thirty (30) day cure period in the event of any
other breach,
If Ten4 Terminates for Cause, Ten4 will have no further flabllity or obligation under this Addendum and accompanying SOF.
Early Termination Fee. If Customer terminates any Services prior to the expiration of the Service Term, Customer shall pay Ten4
an Early Termination Fee equal to the MRC of the initial contract value times the number of months remaining under contract for
that site. In no event shall Customer be entitled to any refund of already pald charges if the SOF, Addendum or MSA, or any portion
thereof, Is terminated,
5. Service Level Agreement
For all Customer sites that complete a SOF with designated Hosted Voice SLA equipment, Ten4 shall warrant the following levels of
Service on the network when installed by Ten4 or an authorized technician:
a. General Standard. Ten4 will use reasonable efforts under the circumstances to maintain its overall network quality. The
quality of service provided hereunder shall be consistent with other common carrier Industry standards, government regulations and
sound business practices.
b, Interruptions in Service. Interruptions in service, which are not due to Customer's negligence or non-compliance with
the provisions of the Agreement (including all Addendums, SOFs and other relevant documents attached thereto), or the operation
or malfunction of facilities, power, or equipment provided by Customer, will be credited to Customer as set forth below for the part of
the service that the Interruption affects, A credit allowance will be made when an interruption occurs because of a failure of any
component furnished by Ten4 under this Agreement.
1700 Union Avenue, Suite B » Baltimore, MD 21211 » 410-464-8900 « www.ten4.us
¢. Credit for Interruptions. An interruption period begins when Customer reports a service, facllity, or circuit to be
interrupted through the opening of a trouble ticket and makes it available for testing and repair. An interruption period ends when the
service, facility, or circuit is operative, If Customer reports a service, facllity, or circuit to be inoperative but declines to make it
avallable for testing and repair, It is considered to be Impaired, but not interrupted.
i. For calculating credit allowances, every month is considered to have 30 days. A credit allowance Is applied on a pro
rata basis against the monthly recurring charges for the affected service and Is dependent upon the length of the interruption. Only
those facilities on the Interrupted portion of the circult will receive a credit. No credit will be given on the usage-sensitive portion of
the service.
ii, Accredit allowance will be given for interruptions of 30 minutes or more, upon written request of the customer no later
than ten (10) business days after the occurrence of the outage to Customer's Ten4 Account Manager, Credit allowances will be
calculated as follows:
ili, If the interruption continues for less than 24 hours:
(a) 1/30th of the monthly recurring charge if it is the first interruption in the same billing period.
(b) 2/30ths of the monthly recurring charge if there was a previous Interruption of at least 24 hours in the same
billing period.
iv. Ifthe interruption continues for more than 24 hours, 1/30th of the monthly recurring charge for the first 24 hours and
2/30ths of such rate for each additional 24 hours (or fraction thereof); however, If service is Interrupted for over 24 hours more than
once in the same billing period, the 2/30ths allowance applies to the first 24 hours of the second and subsequent interruptions.
vy. Two or more Interruptions of 30 minutes or more during any one 24-hour period shall be considered as one
Interruption,
d. Maximum Credit. Credits attributable to any billing period for interruptions of service shall not exceed the total monthly
recurring charges for that period for the service and facllities furnished by Ten4 rendered useless or substantially impalred. The
credits set forth in this SLA shall be Ten4s sole liability and Customer's sole remedy in the event of any interruption. Unless
otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, under no circumstances shall an interruption be deemed a breach of the
Agreement.
e. Interruption Defined. For the purpose of applying this provision, the word interruption (whether capitalized or not)
shall mean a complete loss of service resulting in the inability to complete cails (either incoming or outgoing or both) due to
equipment malfunction or human errors for a continuous period of more than thirty (30) minutes. Interruption does not include, and
no allowance shall be given for, service difficulties such as slow dial tone, circults busy or other network and/or switching capacity
shortages. Nor shall the interruption allowance apply where service Is interrupted by the negligence or willful act of Customer or
where Ten4, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, suspends or terminates service because of nonpayment of bills due to Ten4,
unlawful or improper use of the facilities or service, or any other reason covered by the Agreement, No allowance shall be made for
interruptions due to electric power failure where, by the provisions of this Agreement, Customer is responsible for providing electric
power.
f. Limitations on Credit Allowances. No credit allowance will be made for:
1. Interruptions arising from the acts or omissions of, or non-comptiance with, the provisions of thls Agreement or any
schedule or exhibit thereto by Customer or any authorized user, or any interruptions due to any party other than Ten4 or for events
happening on any other party's network, Including but not limited to internet service providers or other common carriers connected
to, or providing service connected to, the service of Ten4 or to Ten4s facilities;
li. Interruptions due to the failure or malfunction of non-Ten4 equipment, Including service connected to Customer-
provided electric power;
lil, Interruptions of service during any period in which Ten4 Is not given full and free access to its facilities and
equipment for the purpose of Investigating and correcting interruptions;
iv. Interruptions of service during any scheduled maintenance period or when Customer has released service to Ten4
for maintenance purposes or for Implementation of a Customer order for a change in service arrangements;
v. _ Interruptions of service due to force majeure events beyond the reasonable control of Ten4.
6. Service Delivery and Escalation
a. Support Hours. Standard live support hours are Monday through Friday, 8am to 8pm EST/EDT. Routine requests for
changes (MACDs) are processed during standard support hours. Emergency after hours, weekend and holiday support available
24/7 via call-back service,
Support Contact Information:
Phone — 888,787.6999 or 856.422.5300
Email ~ support@ten4.us
b, Priority Definitions and Processes.
1. MACD: Routine request for Moves, Adds, Changes or Deletion of configured services (none service-affecting).
li. Low: Experiencing Intermittent problems (e.g. static, echo) that do not impact the ability to conduct business,
li, | Medium: Service Is impalred, but Customer can still conduct business.
~ PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL - Tend + Page 2
Iv. High: Experiencing 50% or more service outage of one or more locations, circuits, or lines. This may also include
intermittent problems that are so severe that they impact the abllity to conduct business,
Note: All HIGH service outage tickets receive immediate attention and follow ups will be made every 2 hours until issue is
closed,
Priority
Target Time Escalation Guidelines
1* Level 2™ Level I 3" Level 4" Level
MACD <24 hours 24 hours 28 hours 36 hours 48+ hours
Low <8 hours [8 hours 40 hours 12 hours 24+ hours
Medium. <4 hours [ 4 hours 6 hours 8 hours 10+ hours
High <2 hours [2 hours 4 hours 6 hours 6+ hours
c., Customer Support Contacts. Ten4 has technical support available to assist Customer, Customer can contact Ten4's
management team listed below:
1 Level
2" Level
3" Level
4"" Level
Technical Support 888.787.6999 support@ten4.us
Senior Network Engineer, Bryan Lalonde 856.422.5304 blalonde@ten4.us
Director, Network Engineering, Tom McDonnell 856.422.5309 tmedonnell@ten4.us
VP Operations, Scott Klemm 856.422.5302 sklemm@ten4.us
7. Disconnects
Customer explicitly requests and Ten4 shail submit a written request for disconnection to Customer's current provider/s upon
completion of porting of lines to Ten4's service at each Customer location. Customer understands and agrees that a request for
disconnect and cancellation does not guarantee performance of same; disconnection may be contingent upon final payment or other
factors, Ten4 shall not be responsible for any charges resulting from Customer's current provider failing to perform the requested
disconnect,
8. Network Changes
Customer understands and agrees that Ten4's ability to provide Services may be affected by Customer's network design and any
changes to Its network design or security requirements may hinder or altogether prevent a Customer's site from receiving Services.
Should Customer make any network design changes which require Ten4 to operate within Customer's network, Customer shall
notify Ten4 as soon as reasonably possible. Ten4 shall make a reasonable effort to verify which, If any, Customer sites may be
affected by the change and notify Customer within five (5) business days,
Acceptance
Ten4 and Customer have caused this Agreement to be executed below by their duly authorized signatories,
Customer: Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4
Chest. QLIO
By: (ate am hea rS . fey By: Deanna R. Kelly
Title: "nem ber— Title: Vice President
Date: 3 fy Ja-o Date: 03/05/20
~ PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL - Tend » Page 3