MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT A.
This Master Services Agreement is between Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4 (Ten4), with headquarters located at 1700
Union Avenue, Suite B, Baltimore, MD 21211, and Tipco Technologies, Inc. (Customer), with headquarters located at 11412
Cronhill Drive, Owings Mills, MD 21117, and is effective as of the last date signed below (Effective Date).
1. Term of Agreement
This Master Services Agreement will have a term of five (5) years (MSA Term). Any and all Service Order Forms (SOF) that are
separately executed by Customer will have their own Service Term, which will pertain to that particular Service being purchased. If
any Service Term extends beyond the MSA Term, this MSA will continue to apply to such Service Order for that Service Term.
2. Services
Ten 4 will provide to Customer the Services specified in each Addendum and SOF (Services), which documents shall be
incorporated herein and shall constitute a part of this Agreement. Ten4s provision of Services is in all cases subject to Ten4s
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP), which is located at www.ten4.us/acceptableusepolicy and is likewise incorporated herein and
constitutes a part of this Agreement.
Each SOF will specify the Service Charges, Service Term, Service Location and other information reasonably required by Ten4 to
provide the Services.
3. Charges and Payments
Charges are specific to the Service being purchased. Customer will pay all Charges as set forth in the SOF for that Service and
shall pay according to the terms and conditions set forth in the Addendum for that Service.
4. Access
Customer agrees to provide Ten4 reasonable access to Customer's voice/data network, in order that Services may be performed as
set forth in the SOF. In the event that said access is not provided as requested, Customer is aware that delivery and effectiveness of
Services may be jeopardized and that additional charges may be incurred.
5. Security & Usage
Customer understands that Ten4 and its Underlying Service Providers cannot guaranty the security of any transmissions and will
not be liable for any lack of security relating to the use of the Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ten4 agrees to use no less
than a reasonable degree of care, including relevant industry-standard practices, to protect the security of any Customer
transmissions while providing Services to Customer.
The Services are for Customer's use only and Customer may not resell the Services to any other party.
6. Warranty Exclusion
Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, Ten4 makes no warranties or representations, express or implied, either in fact or by
operation of law, and specifically disclaims any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, applicable to the
services.
7. Limitation of Liability
NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY LOSSES OR DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS
OF USE, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF CLIENTS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR COST OF REPLACEMENT
FACILITIES OR SERVICES, ARISING IN ANY MANNER FROM THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR THE PERFORMANCE OR
NONPERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER.
Customer has no contractual relationship with any Underlying Service Providers through this Agreement and Customer is not a
third-party beneficiary of any Agreement between Ten4 and an Underlying Service Provider. Customer understands and agrees that
Underlying Service Providers will not have any kind of liability to customer, regardless of the form of action, including but not limited
to failure or disruption of service.
Additionally, in no event will Ten4s liability under this Agreement or otherwise arising out of Ten4s provision of Services hereunder
exceed an amount equal to the previous ninety (90) days charges for the services to which the liability relates.
The foregoing paragraphs of this Section 7 will also apply to all Underlying Service Providers with respect to the Services.
8. Indemnification
Each party will defend and indemnify the other party and the Underlying Service Providers, and each of their respective officers,
employees, and agents, against any liabilities and reasonably related costs (including legal fees) incurred in connection with any
third party claims for property damage, personal injury or death arising from or in connection with this Agreement to the extent said
claims arise from the party's gross negligence or willful misconduct. This indemnity shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
1700 Union Avenue, Suite B ° Baltimore, MD 21211 + 410-464-8900 » www.ten4.us
Additionally, Customer will defend and indemnify Ten4 and the Underlying Service Providers, and each of their respective officers,
employees, and agents, against any fiabilities and reasonably related costs (including legal fees) incurred in connection with any claim
by an end user of the Services, it being understood that Customer, and not Ten4, is fully responsible for any such claims.
9. Default
A party is in default of this Agreement if it breaches this Agreement or any SOF and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of
the other party's notice reasonably specifying the breach. Upon default, the non-defaulting party may terminate this Agreement and/or
an affected SOF by written notice.
If Customer is in default of this Agreement, all Charges accrued under any SOFs will be due and payable and Ten4 may, in addition
to all other available remedies, disconnect Customer's Services specific to that SOF.
If Ten4 is in default of this Agreement, only the Charges accrued as of the date of default will be due and payable to Ten4.
10. Termination
In no event shall Customer be entitled to any refund of already paid Service Charges if this Agreement or any SOF is terminated,
except for a termination based on Ten4s default, as defined in Section 9 herein.
If Customer terminates a Service (other than for Ten4s default) prior to the expiration of the Service Term, Customer will pay the Early
Termination Fee (ETE) set forth in the applicable Addendum or SOF. The parties acknowledge that the ETF is a genuine estimate
of the actual damages to Ten4 for Customer's early termination of a Service and is not a penalty.
11. Confidentiality
If the parties entered into a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement in anticipation of this Agreement, such agreement is
incorporated herein and shall apply instead of this Section. Otherwise, the parties acknowledge that they have or will exchange
certain confidential information expressly designated or which should reasonably be known as confidential (Confidential
information) and each party agrees that neither party will (a) use the other partys Confidential Information except for the purpose(s)
for which it is disclosed or (b) disclose the other party's Confidential Information to any third party except {i) under an identical
confidentiality restriction to the receiving party's employees or contractors who have a need to know Confidential Information in
connection with the purposes for which it is disclosed or (ii) when compelled by a court or other government agency (with as much
advance notice to the disclosing party as reasonably possible).
Ten4 acknowledges that it may receive certain of Customer's information that constitutes customer proprietary network information
or customer proprietary information under applicable law, and Ten4 agrees that it will hold all such information in compliance with
applicable law.
12, Other Terms
For jeure
Neither party shall be responsible for any loss, harm, damage, or failure to comply with any obligation hereunder resulting from
circumstances beyond its reasonable control (commonly referred to as force majeure events) including, but not limited to fire, flood,
war, strikes, cable cuts, acts of terrorism, explosions, loss of power, governmental restrictions, acts of third parties, or acts of God.
In additional, Customer will not be obligated to pay for the Services during periods of force majeure, and either party may terminate
an affected SOF upon notice to the other if a force majeure event continues uninterrupted for a period ofthirty (30) days or longer.
Subcontracting
Ten4 may subcontract work to be performed under this Agreement but shall retain responsibility for the work,
Assignment
Neither party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement, any SOF, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
without the prior written consent of the other party, not to be unreasonably withheld.
Publicity
Without the prior written consent of the other Party, neither Party will (i) publicly use the name, logo or other identifying marks of the
other Party, or (ji) issue or permit the issuance of any press release or other public statement regarding this Agreement or the
Parties relationship.
Conflict Between Agreements
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and a SOF, this Agreement will control, except to the extent that the SOF
specifically references the section/provision of this Agreement that it is modifying or superseding.
Governing Law
This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of Delaware, exclusive of conflict or choice of law rules.
Notification
Any notices, requests, consents and other communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been delivered on the date (a) personally delivered, (b) mailed, postage prepaid, by certified mail with return receipt requested, or
(c) faxed and confirmed, All communications under this section shall be addressed to the respective parties hereto as follows:
~ PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL « Yen4 + Page 2
Ts +  =>
{ ede) LOND G4 fh; If to Ten4: Ten4
1700 Union Avenue, Suite B
Baltimore, MD 21211
Attn: Legal Dept.
If to Customer:
Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral and written
agreements, commitments, or understandings with respect to the matters provided for herein. This Agreement may not be modified
except by a writing signed by both parties. In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be invalid or
unenforceable in whole or in part, all other provisions will nevertheless continue to be valid and enforceable with the invalid or
unenforceable parts severed from the remainder of this Agreement. The waiver by either party of a breach, default, delay or
omission of any of the provisions of this Agreement by the other party will not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of
the same or other provisions.
Acceptance
| have read and understood the terms and conditions of the above Agreement. By my signature hereunder, | indicate that | am
authorized to bind the indicated party and that Party agrees to the terms and conditions herein.
Tipco Technologies, Inc. Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4
By: D
eanna R. Kelly
By: / \ NN i ios ice President
Tile: Vice P fe s(aden> Date: 94/29/2090"
t / (+ /a0
PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL Ten4 + Page 3