Hosted Voice Addendum — Revised  Z | 1A.
Customer Legal Name:
Servica Location Address: 2219 York Rd.. Sui 2, ilte Timonium MD 24
Billing Contact and e-mail address: Mela tei fani Ver m.
As of the date this Hosted Voice Addendum is signed by Customer (Effective Date"), Ten4 and Customer enter into this Agreement
and, in addition to the terms herein, agree to be bound by Ten4s Hosted Voice Terms and Conditions, which can be found at
www.ten4 .us/hyT&C and which are incorporated herein and constitute part of this Agreement. The Hosted Voice Addendum
praviously signed by Customer on 07/15/2020 is hereby null and void
1. Service Term
The Service Term for Hosted Voice Services is thirty-six (36) months from date of install for each location.
Auto Renewal: Following the Initial Service Term, this Agreement shall renew automatically on a month-to-month basis upon the
same terms and conditions, and either party either party may terminate at any time with sixty (60) days written notice.
2. Coverage & Charges
Services: During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide the following hosted voice equipment and services at the stated rates for
each site listed herein above, and as may be amended hereafter in writing.
MONTHLY RECURRING CHARGES (MRC)
DESCRIPTION
Business Pro Seat w/phone (reduced)
POTS Complete
Yealink T46S w/Power Supply - Upcharge
1
Edgemarc C2E Licensing & Monitoring
Emergency Seat
NON:RECURRING CHARGES (NRC}
14 Phone Number LNP and/or Toll-Free RESPORG [ _ss00] ——_—s70.00
NRC SUBTOTAL
Pricing Excludes Taxes & Shipping
QUANTITY
$375.00
MRC: — Customer agrees to pay Four Hundred Three Dollars and Elghty-Two Cents ($403.82) per month for a Term of thirty-
six (36) months, invoiced to Customer an a monthly basis, which shall become due and payable on the first day of each
month.
NRC: Customer agrees to pay a one-time fee of Eight Hundred Twenty Dollars {$820.00} in advance, at the time this
Agreement is signed.
1700 Union Avenue, Suite B + Baltirnore, MD 21211 * 410-464-8900 » www.ter4.us
In addition to the terms and conditions in the MSA and listed herein, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE
BOUND BY ANY UNDERLYING SERVICE PROVIDER CONTRACTS.
Charges may not include taxes, fees, or regulatory surcharges that may be assessed on the Services (Taxes"), and Customer will
be responsible for all such Taxes. Billing for Services shall commence when this Agreement is signed and shall continue on a
monthly basis for the Term of Service.
3. Payments
Customer will pay all Charges as set forth herein. Ten4 invoices are payable monthly in advance at the beginning of each month
and are due net thirty (30) days from the date of the invoice. Services may be suspended if payment is not received within thirty (30):
days following date due,
4, Emergency Services 911 Dialing
Customer understands and accepts the requirements and limitations provided in the £911 document, which can be found at
www.ten4.us/E811 and which are Incorporated herein and constitute Part of this Addendum.
5. Service Level Agreement
Customer understands and accepts the requirements and limitations Provided in the Hosted Voice Service Level Agreement, which
can be found at ten4.us/hvSLA and which are incorporated herein and constitute part of this Contract.
Acceptance
Customer has caused this Agreement to be executed below by Its duly authorized signatory.
Client: Corporate Cove , LLC Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4
" @tanie Epstain By: Deanna R. Kelly
Title: Principal Title: Vice President
Date: g | 20 Date: 08/05/2020
- PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL ~ Ten4 * Page 2