I Managed Services Agreement
BUNDLE OPTIONS
distributed computing inc.
Date: February 19, 2018
This Agrooment is made between Distributed Computing, Inc. (DCi), located at 1700 Union Avenue, Suite B, Ballimore, MD 21211,
and Palmetto Prince George Operating, LLC {Client). Client's Facility Code;_32577_; Tax ID # (FEIN):_20-5423729 .
EQUIPMENT LOCATION: : 7 BILLING LOCATION: 2
Prince George Healthcare Center _____ ni 1 Administrat i
 ———————— 920 Ridgebrook Ri
Georgetown, SC 29440 Sparks, MD 21152
As of the ___ day of . 2018 (Effective Date), DCi and Client enter into this Managed Services Agreement, wherein DCi
agrees to provide to Client the below-selected essential managed service components. Managed Services can include but is not
limited to proactive monitoring, managing and problem resolution for telephone system equipment, hosted solutions, fixed cellular
{internet access), fax management and connectivity. ais i
The Managed Service components checked below shall be included in this Agreement:
[x] GRANDSTREAM TELEPHONE SYSTEM (Appendix A)
[ x] TEN4PBX HOSTED SOLUTIONS (Appendix B)
[| SIERRA WIRELESS FIXED CELLULAR (INTERNET ACCESS) (Appendix C)
[x] CONNECTIVITY & SITE SERVICES ADMINISTRATION (Appendix D)
Each of the Managed Service components selected shall bo supported in the manner described in its Appendix; however, ALL listed
components shall additionally be supported as follows:
Four (4) hour response time during 8x5 coverage
Proactive monitoring and alerting
Trouble ticket creation and resolution
Diagnose, repair or replace any malfunctioning equipment
Expedited replacement of equipment
* Network system inventory at Client site, stored within DCi's Internet-accessible portal ©
Coverage .
Coverage shall be during the business day (8am-5pm, EST), five days per week (Monday-Friday), excluding major holidays.
Client expressly and explicilly agrees to be bound by any and all underlying carrier contracts. If primary connectivity such as Fiber,
Cable or POTS is nol included in this Agreement, it MUST be obtained separately.
Term and Payment Schedule
MRC: Client agrees to pay Ono Thousand Four Hundred Thirty Dollars ($1,430.00) per month for a Term of sixty (60)
months, invoiced to Client on a monthly basis, which shall become due and payable on the first day of each month.
NRC: Client agrees to pay a one-time fee of Eleven Thousand Dollars ($11,000.00) in advance, at the time this Agreement is
signed.
Sales Tax and USF Charges may be added. Services may be suspended If MRC payment is not received within thirly (30) days
following date duo.
Itis understood that any and all Services requested by Client that fall outside of the terms of this Agreement will bo considered new
Projects, and will be quoted and billed as separate, individual Services.
DCi owns and shall continue to own any and all Equipment included herein for the entire term of the Agreement, including any
renewals. There is no end-of-term purchase option. Client is required to provide and maintain insurance related to the equipment
and shall pay all appropriate taxes.
If the Grandstream option is selected and upon expiration of the original Service Term, this Agreement may continue month-to-
month with a fifty percent (50%) reduction in the MRC payment and oilher Party may terminate at any time with thirty (30) days
written notification, If Client has and accepts tho option to refresh Grandstream equipment, as described in Appendix A, MRC
renewal rate will be determined at the timo of renewal and a new Agreement shall be signed,
1700 Union Avenue + Baltimore, MD 21211 © 410.464.8900 + FAX 410.464.8950
{n the event that Client fails to pay as agreed upon, DCI reserves the right to recover all costs of collection, includin but nol limited
y , DCI ig! D i]
Client Obligations
Client agrees to co }
Hirvonen ella Uy hh sell fequested forms, including but not limiled to Service Order Fi
preibin erp bape 2 follow its standard and customary procedures. In processi wn ete
'Y be provided by DCi through one or more of its affiliates. ane SPIO ope eRe
Client agrees to provide DCi all
nocessary access to Client
paseibiac ; 8 physical and no!
Hahei as sot forth herein. In the event that said access is not provided a: or phloem aca nett
ariayhe cians Ss requested, Client is aware that monitoring and (rouble
Support and Escalation
DCi will respond to Client's Troubl
le Tickets under the provisions o} if
holidays. Trouble Tickets must be opened by Client's designated enied nae Lig llama iietabed artes
email is unavailable. Each i son, by email ;
Schedule A, call will be assigned a Trouble Ticket number for tracking. Our pathy eg lpg Aetna "
Termination
This Agreement may be terminated by either Pa ly upon thirty wnillen notice e other e}
by either Part thirty (30) d itt oli the other Party breaches or fails to ful v
F ) days i
any material respect ils obligations under this Agreement and does not cure such fail lure within thirty (30) days of receipt of such
{fa phone ion i i is i
phone system option is taken and this Agreement is terminated for convenience within ninety (90) days from the phone system
installation, Client has the option to return the oe: mi in we order. shall then reimburse
A
h sulpiment {o DCi undamaged and in good working order, DCi shall th imb
Should Client terminate any Services followin i i
\ 9 the ninety (90) day options but prior to the expiration of the Servi i
ead a a early termination fee equal to fifty percent (50%) of the remaining (MRC) contract value. Except pila ha elas
he win e lurn, in no event shall Client be entitled to any refund of already paid charges (MRC or NRC) if this Agreement is
At the termination of this Agreement, the Client shall, within thirty (30) days of said termination, return all equipment to DCi
undamaged and in good working order. Client shall deinstall and ship the equipment using a shipping label provided by DCi. DCi
shall use reasonable discretion in determining the condition of the equipment upon its return. It is also agreed that the failure of the
Client to return any equipment, either within thirty (30) days of the termination of this Agreement or in a condition reasonably
determined to be undamaged and in good working order, shall mako the Client liable to DCi in the amount of One Thousand Dollars
($1,000) as liquidated damages.
Warranty
All equipment received from DCI will be covered under warranty for the full term of this Agreement. With regard to services provided
or installed by anyone other than DCi or its representatives, affiliates or subcontractors, DCi makes no warranties, express or
implied, and specifically disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. Performance of any service or maintenance work
by anyone other than DCi or ils representatives, affiliates or subcontractors during the warranty poriod described herein shall cause
this warranty to be void and terminated.
Exclusion
This Agreement does i : a ee
misuse, accident or resulting from electrical storm, r
H ith the repair or replacement thereof. Further, this Agreemen' n
pee ne patel by phason DCi shall not be liable for any costs or feos associated wilh repal
performed by any non-approved third-party vendors or service providers.
i i tampering,
Jacement of equipment that is lost, stolen or damaged by negligence,
ap clehathrecbr lightning es Sher violent weather or causes other than ordinary use, nor the labor
t does not include labor and material costs for additions,
irs or other work required or
a i d that DCi is not an insurer and will not
i i ioment is the responsibility of the Client. It is agreed thal n a ae
per ble f anv operation of fneeemny end hold harmless OCi, Sierra Wireless, Sen ane pit lh ai offi
poke sad id ts, any and all claims regarding injury or damage to persons oF properly al te y Se ree toereol, ulead
pals chorea ies under this Agreement, or the operation or er tity  fede dae Se any coined pen
pay ¥ iliful misconduct. In no event wil 0 lial " af
pvc i deggie otra sneak including but not limited to damages for loss of business, loss of use,
incidental,
i dor the performance or
revenue, loss of profits, loss of clionts or loss of life ai from this Agreement an pi
nonperformance hereunder.
rising in any manner
any obligation hereunder resulting from
ofthe ton-performing party, including, but
failures, power failure, the .
ther federal or state law, of acts
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be responsible f
conditions commonly referred to as
not limited to fire, flood, war, strikes,
infrastructure of the Internet, governm:
of God.
Distributed Computing, Inc.
ith
any loss, harm, damage, or failure to comply wil
; Foros Majoure events that are not within the coniret ote
cable culs, acts of terrorism, explosions, communication
ental restrictions, acts of third parties that are illegal under el
Subcontracting
DCi may subcontract work to be performed under this Agreement but shall retain responsibility for the work.
Assignment
Neither party may assign its rights and obligations, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior writton consent of the
other party, not to be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding tho foregoing, oither party, in connection with a merger,
reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets or equity of such party, may assign this Agreement in its entirely to
such party's Successor without the other party's consent. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their
fespective successors and permitted assigns.
Dispute Resolution
In the event of a dispute between the parties arising under this Agreement, the parties shall submit to binding arbitration before a
single arbitrator under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, The decision of the arbitrator shall
be final and binding with respoct to the dispute subject to arbitration and shall be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Each party shall bear its own expenses and costs incurred in such arbitration but those related to the compensation of the mediator
shall be borne equally. The parties, their represontalives, other participants-and the arbitrator shall hold the existence, content and
result of arbitration in confidence. The parties furlher agree that the mediation and arbitration, if required, shall take place in the area
of Baltimore, Maryland. Nothing in this paragraph shall derogate from the rights of the parties to seek proliminary injunctive relief to
preserve the status quo. : 
Notification
Any notices, requests, consents and other communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been delivered on the date (a) personally delivered, (b) mailed, postage prepaid, by certified mail with return receipt requested, or
(c) electronically mailed and confirmed. All communications under this section shall be addressed to the respective parties heroto
as follows:
If to Client: Fundamental Administrative Services, LLC If to DCi: Distributed Computing, Inc.
920 Ridgebrook Road 1700 Union Avenue, Suite B
Sparks, MD 21152 Baltimore, MD 21211
Attn: Legal Dept. Altn: Legal Dept.
AND.
FAS-Telecom-Billing@fundite.com
Governing Law
by the laws of the State of Maryland
i construed and enforced under and in accordance with and governed by the | a
wae se paeity an aie of law rules. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, said
provision shall not affect in any respect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement.
Entire Agreement ue
This yarn Me including all schedules and appendices referenced here conan {he Jest elas eee the oars
; or contemporaneous oral and written agreements, © . Ha
sh Tite tani This Acreamrent may not be modified, except by a writing signed by both parties
have read and understood the terms and conditions of the above Managed Services Agreement and have had the opportunity to
J
c It counsel if so desired. By my signature hereun ler, | indicate that | am authorizor to bind the Client and that Clien|
onsullt legal 1 if so di d. he id dicate th: th d to bind the Client id that Client
agrees to the terms and conditions herein.
tributed Computing, Inc.
Palmetto Prince George Operating, LLC Distr
y:
Title: Prosident
Bi
Title: 2lmrais fra for Dale? 10/7 26/18
Date: ;o- as - 20
Distributed Computing, Inc.
MRC Payments
we RRR RR Oe RO me RR OR Oe ROR OR Rk eR oe eR HR Ok Ow
CREDIT CARD Authorization
Card No. Exp.Date. Code.
Namo on Card/ Billing Address:
Signature:__ ae
Billing Email:
Oe KR OR He OR KR RO Ow Re oR RR ee OR RO OR Ok OR OR Om kom
Distributed Computing, Inc.
APPENDIX A
Grandstream Telephone System Additional T&C
Phone System Equipment Included
Grandstream UCM6208- IP PBX Appliance, 800U SOSIP
Grandstream GXW4232- 32-Port Analog VoIP Gateway
Grandstream GXP2170- IP Phone, 12Ln 6SIP acct
Grandstream GXP2200- BLF Phone Module
Grandstream GXP2135- IP Phone, 8Ln 4SIP acct
Grandstream GXP17160- Basic IP Phone
Grandstream GAC2500- Conference Room IP Phone, 6Ln 6SIP
Grandstream DP750 DECT- DECT VolP Base Station
Grandstream DP720 DECT- DECT Cordless HD Handset
SanDisk 32GB Memory Card
WaltBox UPS 1500 VA
WattBox UPS 825 VA
WaltBox IP Power Conditioner, 12-Oullet
Edgemarc 2900A Switch
Viking RAD 1-A Overhead Paging
7' CatSe Patch Cord
10° Cat3 Cut Cord
PPR EE
PEEEDEEEPEP
Coverage
In addition lo the support coverages listed in the Agreement, Cl
administrative programming services for telephone system changes
ients selection of the Grandstream component shall also include all
("MACDs" - moves, adds, changes, deletes).
i Clit lephone
Upon expiration of the original Service Term, Client has the right to renew: Client shall receive a complete refresh of tel r
ayalem cauacment with installation and training Included, for an additional sixty (60) months under the same terms and conditions
as set forth herein (pricing may vary). A new Managed Services Agreement shall be signed at the time of renewal.
ITAL
ree
= Distributed Computing, Inc.
: APPENDIX B
en4pbx & Sangoma Hosted Solutions, Additional T&C
Ten4pbx Hosted Services
tt SIP Trunk pine poe — a re
™ igh-Volume Fax Tier
ees | ee Unlimited Hosted Fax Trunk - ia
ee E941 Service Charge
180 Domestic Telephone No. (DID)
Business Hosted Extension
Polycom VVX300 Conference Phone
Edgemarc 2900A Router, Setup & Appliance Monitoring
rep
E911 NOTICE
Client understands and acknowledges that the SIP and/or VoIP connectivi
ectivily services ("Service") s
throughTen4pbx.com (TENA) may have the E911 limitations specified below: , a
ted to emergency servicas using Service, TEN4 must have the correct service
address for the Client. if Service is moved to a different location without TEN4s approval, 911 calls may be directed to the
wrong emergency authority, may transmit the wrong address and/or Service (including 911) may fail altogether.
Service uses electrical power in the Client's premises. If there isan electrical power outage, 911 calling may be
interrupted if the battery back-up in the associated multimedia terminal adapter is not installed, fails or is exhausted after
several hours.
* — Service, including calls to 911, may not be completed if there is a p
: congestion, network/equipmenUpower fallure, or another technical problem. 3
*  TEN4 will need several business days to update a Client service address in the E911 system. All change requests and
questions should be directed to 1-866-324-8555 USE OF SERVICE AFTER DELIVERY OF THIS DOCUMENT
CONSTITIUES CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE E911 NOTICE HEREIN. " .
held dialing liable for any claim, damage or loss, and Client hereby waives and
olaling to 911-type dialing. Client agrees to indemnify and hold harmless TEN4
-lype calls, Including but not limited to Client's failure to provide correct
« — Inorder for 914 calls to be properly direc
roblem with network facilities, including network
rs or employees may be
f-action arising from or
ing out of misroutes of 914
Neither TEN4 nor its offico
all such claims or causés Oo!
from any claim or action aris|
information herewith. 
In addition to the terms and canditions listed herein, CLIENT EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE 80!
UNDERLYING CARRIER CONTRACT, INCLUDING TERMS & CONTITIONS.
UND BY THE
ra . Ms
. a Distributed Computing, Inc.
APPENDIX ©
Sierra Wireless Fixed Cellular Additional T&C
Sierra Wireless Fixed Cellular Services
Q Cellular broadband, 5 GB per month, Includes:
2 ee Maestro Antenna and LTE Modem
Hi Indoor / Outdoor installation (choose one)
DCi reserves the right to increase Client's Bundled Service plan, based on monthly usage over thirly percent (30%), upon thirty (30)
days written notice to Client.
Indoor vs, Outdoor installation selection based on preliminary evaluation; final determination and rates will be based on actual
installation,
One-time Pro-Install fee requires that site be accessible and local contact be available lo service technician. Additional fees may
apply for subsequent visits of cancellations.
Sales (axes will be applied on the final invoice based on the jurisdiction's applicable rates at the servica location.
In the event that at Client site is deemed Technically Not Feasible (TNF), meaning it does aol meet the minimum data rate of 150ms
latency and 6Mbps/2Mbps over a 24-hour porlod, Client may terminate its obligation for the remainder of the Term of the SOF with
no early termination foes, provided such termination is exercised within thitty (30) days of corimencement of the Services. DCi shall
provide a shipping labol for raturn of equipment.
INITIAL of?
OKS-
Distributed Computing, Inc.
APPENDIX D
SITE SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
Services Administration Options
4 Connectivity (Fiver) Order: Spectrum 20x20 Fiber
| a Connectivity (Coax) Order:
4 Connectivity (Fiber) Monitoring and Trouble-ticketing
1 Connectivity Billing Aggregation
At the time this Agreement becomes effective, Client agrees to execute reterenced connectivity order with underlying carrier OR
Customer will execute an LOA, allowing DCi to purchase connectivity services for this site as agreed to by the Parties and described
herein above.
Upon selection of the Site Services Administration option, DCi agrees to provide the following:
Aggregate billing in single invoice
* Advance payments to carrier for fiber
« — Monthly billing reviews
itis agreed that the Client end user will call DCis help desk with any network issue, or via other mutually agreed upon method.
CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE UNDERLYING FIBER CARRIER CONTRACT/S.
This includes but is not limited to carrier resolution of issyes. DCI shall pramplly contact, carrier for carrier-relatod issues but DCiis
not responsible for any delay that is caused solely by tho carer In resolving such carriér-related issues.
INITIAL Lo
Bx
Distributed Computing, Inc.