Managed Services Agreement
BUNDLE OPTIONS
distributed computing inc.
Date: February 26, 2018
This Agreement is made between Distributed Computing, Inc. (DCi), located at 1700 Union Avenue, Suite B, Baltimore, MD 21211,
and THI of South Carolina at Greenville, LLC (Client). Client's Tax ID # (FEIN) is:_20-0041852
EQUIPMENT LOCATION: BILLING LOCATION:
Magnolia Manor Greenville Fundamental Administrative Services
i 920 Ridgebrook Road
Greenville, SC 29601 Sparks. 4
As of the 27 day of Ee Ws. 2018 (Effective Date), DCi and Client enter into this Managed Services Agreement, wherein DCi
agrees to provide to Client the below-selected essential managed service components. Managed Services can include but is not
limited to proactive monitoring, managing and problem resolution for telephone system equipment, hosted solutions, fixed cellular
(internet access), fax management and connectivity.
The Managed Service components checked below shall be included in this Agreement:
x] GRANDSTREAM TELEPHONE SYSTEM (Appendix A)
[x] TEN4PBX HOSTED SOLUTIONS (Appendix B)
kJ SIERRA WIRELESS FIXED CELLULAR (INTERNET ACCESS) (Appendix C)
| SITE SERVICES ADMINISTRATION (Appendix D)
Each of the Managed Service components selected shall be supported in the manner described in its Appendix; however, ALL listed
components shall additionally be supported as follows:
One (1) hour response time during 8x5 coverage
Proactive monitoring and alerting
Trouble ticket creation and resolution
Diagnose, repair or replace any malfunctioning equipment
Expedited replacement of equipment
Dispatch of technician (for example, for a vendor meet) as necessary
Network system inventory at Client site, stored within DC's Internet-accessible portal
Coverage
Coverage shall be during the business day (8am-5pm, EST), five days per week (Monday-Friday), excluding major holidays.
Client expressly and explicitly agrees to be bound by any and all underlying carrier contracts.
Term and Payment Schedule
MRC: Client agrees to pay Six Hundred Seventy-Five Dollars ($675) per month for a Term of sixty (60) months, invoiced to
Client on a monthly basis, and will become due and payable on the first day of each month.
NRC: Client agrees to pay a one-time fee of Four Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Seven Dollars ($4,197) in advance, at the
time this Agreement is signed.
Services may be suspended if MRC payment is not received within thirty (30) days following date due.
It is understood that any and all Services requested by Client that fall outside of the terms of this Agreement will be considered new
Projects, and will be quoted and billed as separate, individual Services.
DCi owns and shall continue to own any and all Equipment included herein for the entire term of the Agreement, including any
renewals. There is no end-of-term purchase option. Client is required to provide and maintain insurance related to the equipment
and shall pay all appropriate taxes.
Upon expiration of the original Service Term, this Agreement shall continue month-to-month with a fifty percent (50%) reduction in
the MRC payment and either Party may terminate at any time with thirty (30) days written notification. If Client has and accepts the
option to refresh Grandstream equipment, as described in Appendix A, MRC renewal rate will be determined at the time of renewal
and a new Agreement shall be signed.
In the event that Client fails to pay as agreed upon, DCi reserves the right to recover all costs of collection, including but not limited
to attorneys fees and court costs.
1700 Union Avenue « Baltimore, MD 21211 * 410.464.8900 + FAX 410.464.8950
Client Obligations
Client agrees to complete tn full all reasonably requested forms, Including but not limited to Service Order Forms and Letters of
Agency, as may be needed. DCi shall follow Its standard and customary procedures. In processing service orders under this
Agreement. Services may be provided by DCi through one or more of its affiliates.
Client agrees to provide DCi all necessary access to Client's physical and network infrastructure, in order that service may be
performed as set forth herein. In the event that sald access is not provided as requested, Client is aware that monitoring and trouble
ticketing may be jeopardized.
Support and Escalation
DCi will respond to Client's Trouble Tickets under the provisions of Schedule A, and with best effort after hours or on
holidays. Trouble Tickets must be opened by Client's designated I.T. Contact Person, by email to our Help Desk or by phone if
email is unavallable. Each call will be assigned a Trouble Ticket number for tracking. Our escalation process is detailed in
Schedule A.
Termination
This Agreement may be terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days written notice if the other Party breaches or fails to fulfill in
any material respect its obligations under this Agreement and does not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receipt of such
written notice.
If a phone system option is taken and this Agreement is terminated for convenience within ninety (90) days from the phone system
installation, Client has the option to return the equipment to DCi undamaged and in good working order. OCi shall then reimburse
Client fifty percent (50%) of the NRC paid to OCI.
Should Client terminate any Services following the ninety (80) day options but prior to the expiration of the Service Term, Client shall
pay DCi an early termination fee equal to fifty percent (50%) of the remaining (MRC) contract value. Except as defined in the above
option to return, in no event shall Client be entitled to any refund of already paid charges (MRC or NRC) if this Agreement is
terminated.
At the termination of this Agreement, the Ctient shall, within thirty (30) days of said termination, return all equipment to DCi
undamaged and in good working order. Client shall deinstall and ship the equipment using a shipping label provided by DCi. DCi
shail use reasonable discretion in determining the condition of the equipment upon its return. It is also agreed that the failure of the
Client to return any equipment, either within thirty (30) days of the termination of this Agreement or in a condition reasenably
determined to be undamaged and in good working order, shall make the Client liable to DC/ in the amount of One Thousand Dollars
($1,000) as liquidated damages.
Warranty
All equipment received from DCi will be covered under warranty for the full term of this Agreement. With regard to services provided
or instalied by anyone other than DCi or its representatives, affiliates or subcontractors, OCi makes no warranties, express or
implied, and specifically disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. Performance of any service or maintenance work
by anyone other than DCI or its representatives, affiilates or subcontractors during the warranty period described herein shall cause
this warranty to be void and terminated.
Exclusion
This Agreement does not cover the repair or replacement of equipment that is lost, stolen or damaged by negligence, tampering,
misuse, accident or resulting from electrical storm, iightning or other violent weather or causes other than ordinary use, nor the labor
associated with the repair or replacement thereof. Further, this Agreament does not include labor and material costs for additions,
relocation or removal of equipment. OCi shall not be liable for any costs or fees associated with repairs or other work required or
performed by any non-approved third-party vendors or service providers.
Limitation of Liability
Daily usage and operation of Installed equipment is the responsibility of the Client. It is agreed that DCI is not an Insurer and will not
be liable for, and Client agrees to indemnify and hold harmless DCi, Sierra Wireless, Sangoma and each of their respective officers,
employees and agents, any and all claims regarding injury or damage to persons or property that may arise through the
performance of services under this Agreement, or the operation or maintenance of the equipment or lack or failure thereof, unless
caused by DCI's gross negligence or willful misconduct. In no event will OCI be liable to the Client for any indirect, special,
incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of business, loss of use, loss of
revenue, loss of profits, loss of clients or loss of life arising In any manner from this Agreement and/or the performance or
nonperformance hereunder,
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be responsible for any loss, harm, damage, or failure to comply with any obligation hereunder resulting from
conditions commonly referred to as Force Majeure events that are not within the contro! of the non-performing party, including, but
not limited to fire, flood, war, strikes, cable cuts, acts of terrorism, explosions, communication fine failures, power failure, the
infrastructure of the Internet, governmental restrictions, acts of third parties that are illegal under either federal or state law, or acts
of God.
Distributed Computing, Inc.
Subcontracting
OCi may subcontract work to be performed under this Agreement but shall retain responsibility for the work.
Assignment
Neither party may assign its rights and obligations, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the
other party, not to be unreascnably withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party, in connection with a merger,
reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets or equity of such party, may assign this Agreement in its entirety to
such party's successor without the other partys consent. This Agreement shail bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their
respective successors and permitted assigns.
Dispute Resolution
in the event of 2 dispute between the parties arising under this Agreement, the parties shall submit to binding arbitration before a
single arbitrator under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The decision of the arbitrator shall
be final and binding with respect to the dispute subject to arbitration and shall be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Each party shall bear its own expenses and costs incurred in such arbltration but those related to the compensation of the mediator
shall be borne equally. The parties, their representatives, other participants and the arbitrator shall hold the existence, content and
result of arbitration in confidence. The parties further agree that the mediation and arbitration, if cequired, shall take place in the area
of Baltimore, Maryland. Nothing in this paragraph shall derogate from the rights of the parties to seek preliminary injunctive relief to
preserve the status quo.
Notification
Any notices, requests, consents and other communication under this Agreement shail be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been delivered on the date (a) personally defivered, (b) malted, postage prepaid, by certified mail with return receipt requested, or
{c) electronically mailed and confirmed. All communications under this section shall be addressed to the respective parties hereto
as follows:
If to Client: Fundamental Administrative Services, LLC Ifto DCi: Distributed Computing, Inc.
ATTN: Legal Dept. 1700 Union Avenue, Suite B
920 Ridgebrook Road Baltimore, MD 21211
Sparks, MD 21152
AND
FAS-Telecom-Billing@funditc.com
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced under and in accordance with and governed by the faws of the State of Maryland
exclusive of conflict or choice of law rules. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, said
provision shall not affect in any respect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement, including all schedules and appendices referenced herein, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral and written agreements, commitments, or understandings with respect to the
matters provided for herein. This Agreement may not be modified, except by a writing signed by both parties.
Acceptance
(have read and understood the terms and conditions of the above Managed Services Agreement and have had the opportunity to
consult legal counsel if so desired. By my signature hereunder, | indicate that | am authorized to bind the Client and that Client
agrees to the terms and conditions herein.
Distributed Computing, Inc.
KX
By: Brooke L. Frank
Title: President
Dies 3/5 718
Distributed Computing, Inc.
MRC Payments
ae eee RR Ke RR HH eee heehee ee ee ee ee ee ee
CREDIT CARD Authorization
Card No Exp.Date, Code,
Name on Card/ Billing Address:,
Signature:
Billing Email:.
ee KEE K KEKE KERR KHER EH KKH Keer eK EK ERK RR
Distributed Computing, Inc.
APPENDIX A
Grandstream Telephone System Additional T&C
Phone System Equipment Included
Grandstream UCM6208- IP PBX Appliance, 800U 50SIP
Grandstream GXW4248- 48-Port Analog VoIP Gateway
Grandstream GXP2170- IP Phone, 12Ln 6SIP acct
Grandstream GXP2200- BLF Phone Module
Grandstream GXP2135- IP Phone, 8Ln 4SIP acct
Grandstream GXP1615- Basic IP Phone, iLn
Grandstream GAC2500- Conference Room IP Phone, 6Ln 6SIP
Grandstream DP750 DECT- DECT VolP Base Station
Grandstream DP720 DECT- DECT Cordless HD Handset
SanDisk 32GB Memory Card
WattBox UPS 1500 VA
WattBox UPS 825 VA
WattBox IP Power Conditioner
EdgeMarc 2900A IP Gateway
Cisco SG350-28P- 28-port GB PoE Managed Switch
14' Cat5e Patch Cord
10' Cat3 Cut Cord
di
aa
EFI EETT|
Os
>
FN
Coverage
In addition to the support coverages listed in the Agreement, Client's selection of the Grandstream compononent shall also include
all administrative programming services for telephone system changes ("MACDs - moves, adds, changes, deletes)
DCi will perform proactive network and phone system monitoring.
* — Cail the Client site within 15 minutes of an outage occurring during the service hours of this contract.
¢ Call the carrier, if warranted, within 15 minutes of speaking with an on-site contact.
¢ — Call the Client-designated IT contact to report any large-scale or regional outages as soon as they are discovered.
Site Down shall be defined as a Client location that is no longer able to connect to the wide area network for 10 minutes or a Client
location for which Client has determined and called in that the connection is not working, regardless of the length of time.
Upon expiration of the original Service Term, Client has the right to renew: Client shall receive a complete refresh of telephone
system equipment, with installation and training included, for an additional sixty (60) months under the same terms and conditions
as set forth herein (pricing may vary). A new Managed Services Agreement shall be signed at the time of renewal.
INITIAI
Distributed Computing, Inc.
KO
APPENDIX B
Tendpbx Hosted Solutions Additional T&C
Ten4pbx Hosted Services
8 Unlimited Standard SIP Trunk
4 Unlimited Hosted Fax Trunk
E911 NOTICE
Ctient understands and acknowledges that the SIP and/or VoIP connectivity services ("Service") subscribed to and supplied
throughTen4pbx.com ("TEN4") may have the E911 limitations specified below:
¢ inorder for 911 calls to be property directed to emergency services using Service, TEN4 must have the correct service
address for the Client. if Service is moved to a different location without TEN4's approval, 911 calls may be directed to the
wrong emergency authority, may transmit the wrong address and/or Service (including 911) may fail altogether.
« Service uses electrical power in the Client's premises. If there is an electrical power outage, 911 calling may be
interrupted if the battery back-up in the associated multimedia terminal adapter is not installed, fails or is exhausted after
several hours.
e Service, including calls to 911, may not be completed if there is a problem with network facilities, including network
congestion, natwork/equipment/power failure, or another technical problem.
e  TEN4 will need several business days to update a Client service eddress in the E911 system. All change requests and
questions should be directed to 1-866-324-8555 USE OF SERVICE AFTER DELIVERY OF THIS DOCUMENT
CONSTITIVES CLIENT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE E911 NOTICE HEREIN.
Neither TEN4 nor its officers or employees may be held dialing liable for any claim, damage or loss, and Client hereby waives and
afl such claims or causes of action arising from or relating to 911-type dialing. Client agrees to indemnify and hold harmless TEN4
from any clalm or action arising out of misroutes of 91 1-type calls, including but not limited to Client's failure to provide correct
Information herewith.
In addition to the terms and conditions listed herein, CLIENT EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE
UNDERLYING CARRIER CONTRACT.
INITIAL cae er
Distributed Computing, inc.
APPENDIX C
Sterra Wireless Fixed Cetlular Additional T&C
Sierra Wireless Fixed Cellular Services
oo Cellular broadband, _§ GB per month, Includes:
1 Maestro Antenna and LTE Modem
a indoor / Outdoor installation (choose one)
OCi reserves the right to increase Client's Bundled Service plan, based on monthly usage over thirty percent (30%), upon thirty (30)
days written notice to Client.
indoor ren Outdoor installation selection based on preliminary evaluation; final determination and rates will be based on actual
Instal \.
One-time Pro-install fee requires that site be accessible and local contact be avaliable to service technician. Additional faes may
apply for subsequent visits or cancellations.
Sales taxes will be applied on the final invoice based on jurisdiction's applicable rates at service location.
In the event that a Client site Is deemed Technically Not Feasible (TNF), meaning it does not meet the minimum date rate of 1450ms
latency and 6Mbps/2Mbps over a 24-hour perlod, Cilant may terminate Its obligation for the remainder of the Term of the SOF with
no early terminatton fees, provided such termination is exercised within thirty (30) days of commencement of the Servicas. DCI shall
provide a shipping label for return of equipment. ;
INITIAL HK
Olstributed Computing, Inc.