ADDENDUM to Master Servies Areeet    MANAED SEES 
1700 Union Avenue, Suite B • Baltimore, MD 21211 • 410-464-8900 • www.ten4.us    Customer Legal Name:  Caring People Alliance  Customer Address:  1628 JFK Blvd., Philadelphia, PA 19103  Billing Contact and e-mail address:    As of the ___ day of __________, 2020 (Effective Date), Ten4 and Customer enter into this Addendum to the Master Services Agreement (MSA). This Addendum is intended to be used in conjunction with the MSA, which includes the standard terms and conditions, and any Service Order Forms (SOF) which include the site-related order details. All such documents are incorporated herein by reference and constitute part of this Addendum. 1. Service Term The Service Term for Managed Services is thirty-six (36) months, invoiced to Customer on a monthly basis.  Billing for the services shall commence on the earlier of: (i) use of the Service by customer or (ii) five (5) days after delivery of the service to the Customer's service address. Auto Renewal: Following the Initial Service Term, the SOF shall renew automatically on a month-to-month basis upon the same terms and conditions, and either party either party may terminate at any time with sixty (60) days written notice. 2. Coverage & Cost Services: During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide the following Managed Service components, for sites listed in the SOF, which are listed below: HOSTED VOICE SOLUTIONS (Exhibit A) CONNECTIVITY (t   ILLIN ETION SEVICES (Exhibit B)  In addition to the terms and conditions in the MSA and listed herein, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AAREES TO BE BOUND BY TBE UNDERLYINA SERCICE PROCIDER CONTRACTS. If primary connectivity such as Fiber, Cable or POTS is not included in this Agreement, it MUST be obtained separately.  3. Charges and Payments  MRC-1: Customer agrees to pay Eight Thousand Eight Hundred Thirty-Three Dollars ($8,833.00) per month for Bosted Coice Services, as described herein in Exhibit A. Said payments will continue for a Term of thirty-six (36) months, invoiced to Customer on a monthly basis, which shall become due and payable on the first day of each month.D MRC-2: Customer agrees to pay Forty-Two Dollars and Fifty Cents ($42.50) per month for Billing Aggregation Services and an estimated Nine Hundred Ten Dollars and Fifteen Cents ($910.15) per month (exclusive of taxes, fees andEor regulatory surcharges) for POTS connectivity through Fusion, as described herein in Exhibit B.  Said payments will continue for a Term of thirty-six (36) months, invoiced to Customer on a monthly basis, which shall become due and payable on the first day of each month. Customer will be responsible for all Fusion Charges and Taxes.  NRC: Customer agrees to pay a one-time fee of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) in advance, at the time this Agreement is signed, for non-recurring Bosted Coice Services, as described herein in Exhibit A. If on-site training is reFuired, Customer will be charged an additional fee. Managed Services invoices are payable monthly in advance at the beginning of each month, except where otherwise specified herein. All Ten4 invoices are due net thirty (30) days from the date of the invoice. Amounts not paid when due (total Ten4 invoice, including all Underlying Service Provider and Ten4 charges) may accrue interest at a rate of 1.5G per month or the highest amount permitted by applicable law, whichever is less.  Charges may not include taxes, fees, USF charges or regulatory surcharges that may be assessed on the Services (Taxes), and Customer will be responsible for all such Taxes. Services may be suspended if MRC payment is not received within thirty (30) days following date due. Ten4 may, during the Service Term and upon notice to Customer, pass-through to Customer any increase in Costs if Ten4s underlying third party networH or service providers (Underlying Service Providers) increase their charges to Ten4. If Customers eFuipment is lost or stolen during the Service Term, Customer will be responsible for the replacement fee.  If Customer disputes any portion of an invoice relating to Ten4 Charges, Customer will notify Ten4 of the dispute within fifteen (15) days of the date of the invoice and will include with such notice all applicable documentation supporting Customers dispute. The parties will each designate an authoriIed representative to discuss the dispute in good faith, such discussion to occur within five (5) business days of the date of Customers dispute notice. To the extent the dispute is resolved in Customers favor, Ten4 will credit the applicable amount on Customers next invoiceJ and to the extent the dispute is resolved in favor of Ten4, Customer will deliver payment of the disputed amount (together with applicable interest) within five (5) business days of the resolution decision.  If Customer disputes any portion of an invoice relating to Underlying Service Provider charges, Customer will notify Ten4 of the dispute within fifteen (15) days of the date of the invoice and will include with such notice all applicable documentation supporting Customers dispute. Ten4 will communicate the disputed amountEs and forward all submitted documentation to the Underlying Service Provider within a reasonable time but Ten4 cannot and will not guarantee the nature or timeliness of a response by the Underlying Service Provider. Keith Smith;  ksmith@caringpeoplealliance.org27thFebruary
 - !"#!"$%&A"' (  )#*+$D%*&$A, - &en4 • !a-e 2  If Customer does not dispute an invoice within the timeframes and otherwise in accordance with this subsection, the invoice will be payable in 
full and Customer will be deemed to have waived any right to dispute the invoice. 
4. Customer Obligations  
Customer agrees to fully complete all reasonably reFuested forms which may be needed to provide the Services, including but not limited to 
Service Order Forms, Letters of Agency, Provider Contracts and others. Ten4 shall follow its standard and customary procedures in 
processing SOFs under this Addendum. Services may be provided by Ten4 through one or more of its affiliates.  
Customer agrees to provide Ten4 all necessary access to Customers physical and networH infrastructure, in order that service may be 
performed as set forth herein. In the event that said access is not provided as reFuested, Customer is aware that monitoring and trouble 
ticHeting may be jeopardiIed.  
5. Termination 
Termination For Cause.  Either party may immediately terminate a SOF by written notice if the other party breaches a provision of this 
Addendum or the Master Services Agreement and the breaching party does not cure such breach after written notice and a five (5) day cure 
period in the event of any failure to pay an amount due hereunder, or a thirty (30) day cure period in the event of any other breach.  
If Ten4 Terminates for Cause, Ten4 will have no further liability or obligation under this Addendum and accompanying SOF. 
Early Termination Fee.  If Customer terminates any Services prior to the expiration of the Service Term, Customer shall pay Ten4 an Early 
Termination Fee eFual to the MRC of the initial contract value times the number of months remaining under contract for that site.DIn no event 
shall Customer be entitled to any refund of already paid charges if the SOF, Addendum or MSA, or any portion thereof, is terminated.  
If a phone system option is taHen and this Agreement is terminated for convenience within ninety (90) days from the phone system installation, 
Customer has the option to return the equipment to Ten4 undamaged and in good worHing order. Ten4 shall then reimburse Customer fifty 
percent (50G) of the NRC paid to Ten4.  
At the termination of this Agreement, the Customer shall, within thirty (30) days of said termination, return all rented eFuipment to Ten4 
undamaged and in good worHing order. Customer shall deinstall and ship the eFuipment using a shipping label provided by Ten4. Ten4 shall 
use reasonable discretion in determining the condition of the eFuipment upon its return. It is also agreed that the failure of the Customer to return 
any eFuipment, either within thirty (30) days of the termination of this Agreement or in a condition reasonably determined to be undamaged and 
in good worHing order, shall maHe the Customer liable to Ten4 in the amount of One Thousand Dollars (K1,000) as liFuidated damages. 
Ten4 and Customer have caused this Addendum to be executed below by their duly authoriIed signatories.  
Customer: Caring People Alliance    Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4 
By:    By: Deanna R. Kelly 
Title:  Title: Cice President 
  Jerry MacdonaldPresident and CEO
 - !"#!"$%&A"' ( )#*+$D%*&$A, - &en4 • !a-e . EXHIBIT A Hosted Voice Solutions, Picin nd dditionl    Monthly Recurring Charges (MRC-1) Qty Description Monthly Extended 30L Business Pro pacHage UC - Features include: Unlimited InboundEOutbound domestic Calling, one registered user, one E911, one DID, one Call Path, Coicemail to Email, PCEMac Softphone, Mobile App (iOSEAndroid), Custom Music On Bold. Supports either a softphone or hardphone. (BYOD) K11.95 K3,668.65 L8 Contact Center M Coice Essential, includes one full-service call path, voice only, Agent Console, call Fueuing and reporting for one agent. Agents have access to call controls, reason codes, call history, call recording controls, scripting, supervisor escalation, and screen customiIation options. (reFuires Business Pro seat) K49.95 K3,896.10 20 Additional Contact Center Call Path M adds one voice call path to accommodate for call Fueuing when the number of calls exceeds the number of licensed agents. (based on 125G capacity, 98 paths total). K 30.00 K 600.00 16 Cirtual Extension M One extension for users who dont reFuire a hardphone or softphone (i.e. forwards directly to a cell phone or mailbox) K3.95 K63.20 1 Toll-Free Number M One domestic Toll-Free number. Inbound call charges K.029 per minute K4.95 K4.95 1 Unlimited Level 1 Support K 600.00 K 600.00 MRC-1 Subtotal $ 8,832.90  Non-Recurring Charges Qty Description Price Extended 385 Local Number Porting (on-boarding) No Charge K0 385 Remote, configuration of customer provided phones (re-use) No Charge K0 L PBX setup and on-boarding (per site) No Charge K0 0 On-site, training (per siteEper day) K500.00 TBD 1 Remote, (Coice Essential) Call Center set-up and configuration (basic, no ICR or 3rd party apps) K2,500.00 K2,500.00 NRC Subtotal $2,500.00 -- Pricing Excludes Taxes --    ..  E911 NOTICE Customer understands and accepts the reFuirements and limitations provided in the E911 document, which are incorporated herein and constitute part of this Addendum.  SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT For all Customer sites that complete a SOF with designated Bosted Coice SLA eFuipment, Ten4 shall warrant the following levels of Service on the networH when installed by Ten4 or an authoriIed technician:  a. General Standard. Ten4 will use reasonable efforts under the circumstances to maintain its overall networH Fuality. The Fuality of service provided hereunder shall be consistent with other common carrier industry standards, government regulations and sound business practices. b. Interruptions in Service. Interruptions in service, which are not due to Customers negligence or non-compliance with the provisions of the Agreement (including all Addendums, SOFs and other relevant documents attached thereto), or the operation or malfunction of facilities, power, or eFuipment provided by Customer, will be credited to Customer as set forth below for the part of the service that the interruption affects. A credit allowance will be made when an interruption occurs because of a failure of any component furnished by Ten4 under this Agreement. c. Credit for Interruptions. An interruption period begins when Customer reports a service, facility, or circuit to be interrupted through the opening of a trouble ticHet and maHes it available for testing and repair. An interruption period ends when the service, facility, or circuit is operative. If Customer reports a service, facility, or circuit to be inoperative but declines to maHe it available for testing and repair, it is considered to be impaired, but not interrupted. 
 - !"#!"$%&A"' ( )#*+$D%*&$A, - &en4 • !a-e 4 i. For calculating credit allowances, every month is considered to have 30 days. A credit allowance is applied on a pro rata basis against the monthly recurring charges for the affected service and is dependent upon the length of the interruption. Only those facilities on the interrupted portion of the circuit will receive a credit. No credit will be given on the usage-sensitive portion of the service. ii. A credit allowance will be given for interruptions of 30 minutes or more, upon written reFuest of the customer no later than ten (10) business days after the occurrence of the outage to Customers Ten4 Account Manager. Credit allowances will be calculated as follows: iii. If the interruption continues for less than 24 hours: (a) 1E30th of the monthly recurring charge if it is the first interruption in the same billing period.  (b) 2E30ths of the monthly recurring charge if there was a previous interruption of at least 24 hours in the same billing period. iv. If the interruption continues for more than 24 hours, 1E30th of the monthly recurring charge for the first 24 hours and 2E30ths of such rate for each additional 24 hours (or fraction thereof)J however, if service is interrupted for over 24 hours more than once in the same billing period, the 2E30ths allowance applies to the first 24 hours of the second and subseFuent interruptions. v. Two or more interruptions of 30 minutes or more during any one 24-hour period shall be considered as one interruption. d. Maximum Credit. Credits attributable to any billing period for interruptions of service shall not exceed the total monthly recurring charges for that period for the service and facilities furnished by Ten4 rendered useless or substantially impaired. The credits set forth in this SLA shall be Ten4s sole liability and Customers sole remedy in the event of any interruption. Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, under no circumstances shall an interruption be deemed a breach of the Agreement. e. Interruption Defined. For the purpose of applying this provision, the word interruption (whether capitaliIed or not) shall mean a complete loss of service resulting in the inability to complete calls (either incoming or outgoing or both) due to eFuipment malfunction or human errors for a continuous period of more than thirty (30) minutes. Interruption does not include, and no allowance shall be given for, service difficulties such as slow dial tone, circuits busy or other networH andEor switching capacity shortages. Nor shall the interruption allowance apply where service is interrupted by the negligence or willful act of Customer or where Ten4, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, suspends or terminates service because of nonpayment of bills due to Ten4, unlawful or improper use of the facilities or service, or any other reason covered by the Agreement. No allowance shall be made for interruptions due to electric power failure where, by the provisions of this Agreement, Customer is responsible for providing electric power. f. Limitations on Credit Allowances. No credit allowance will be made for: i. Interruptions arising from the acts or omissions of, or non-compliance with, the provisions of this Agreement or any schedule or exhibit thereto by Customer or any authoriIed user, or any interruptions due to any party other than Ten4 or for events happening on any other partys networH, including but not limited to internet service providers or other common carriers connected to, or providing service connected to, the service of Ten4 or to Ten4s facilitiesJ ii. Interruptions due to the failure or malfunction of non-Ten4 eFuipment, including service connected to Customer-provided electric powerJ iii. Interruptions of service during any period in which Ten4 is not given full and free access to its facilities and eFuipment for the purpose of investigating and correcting interruptionsJ iv. Interruptions of service during any scheduled maintenance period or when Customer has released service to Ten4 for maintenance purposes or for implementation of a Customer order for a change in service arrangementsJ v. Interruptions of service due to force majeure events beyond the reasonable control of Ten4. SERVICE DELIVERY AND ESCALATION a. Support Hours. Standard live support hours are Monday through Friday, 8am to 8pm ESTEEDT. Routine reFuests for changes (MACDs) are processed during standard support hours. Emergency after hours, weeHend and holiday support available 24EL via call-bacH service.  Support Contact Information: Phone M 888.L8L.6999 or 856.422.5300 Email M supportNten4.us b. Priority Definitions and Processes. i. MACD: Routine reFuest for Moves, Adds, Changes or Deletion of configured services (none service-affecting). ii. Low: Experiencing intermittent problems (e.g. static, echo) that do not impact the ability to conduct business. iii. Medium: Service is impaired, but Customer can still conduct business. iv. High: Experiencing 50G or more service outage of one or more locations, circuits, or lines. This may also include intermittent problems that are so severe that they impact the ability to conduct business.   Not: All BIAB service outage ticHets receive immediate attention and follow ups will be made every 2 hours until issue is closed. Priority Target Time Escalation Guidelines 1st Level 2nd Level 3d Level 4t Level MACD O24 hours 24 hours 28 hours 36 hours 48P hours Low O8 hours 8 hours 10 hours 12 hours 24P hours Medium O4 hours 4 hours 6 hours 8 hours 10P hours Bigh O2 hours 2 hours 4 hours 6 hours 6P hours   
 - !"#!"$%&A"' (  )#*+$D%*&$A, - &en4 • !a-e /  c. Customer Support Contacts. Ten4 has technical support available to assist Customer. Customer can contact Ten4s management 
team listed below:  1st Level Technical Support 888.L8L.6999 supportNten4.us 2nd Level Senior NetworH Engineer, Bryan LaLonde 856.422.5304 blalondeNten4.us 3d Level Director, NetworH Engineering, Tom McDonnell 856.422.5309 tmcdonnellNten4.us 4t Level CP Operations, Scott Klemm 856.422.5302 sHlemmNten4.us  
DISCONNECTS 
Customer explicitly reFuests and Ten4 shall submit a written reFuest for disconnection to Customers current providerEs upon completion of 
porting of lines to Ten4s service at each Customer location. Customer understands and agrees that a reFuest for disconnect and cancellation 
does not guarantee performance of sameJ disconnection may be contingent upon final payment or other factors. Ten4 shall not be responsible 
for any charges resulting from Customers current provider failing to perform the reFuested disconnect. 
NETWORK CHANGES 
Customer understands and agrees that Ten4s ability to provide Services may be affected by Customers networH design and any changes to 
its networH design or security reFuirements may hinder or altogether prevent a Customers site from receiving Services.  Should Customer 
maHe any networH design changes which reFuire Ten4 to operate within Customers networH, Customer shall notify Ten4 as soon as 
reasonably possible. Ten4 shall maHe a reasonable effort to verify which, if any, Customer sites may be affected by the change and notify 
Customer within five (5) business days. 
INITIAL    
 - !"#!"$%&A"' (  )#*+$D%*&$A, - &en4 • !a-e 6  EXHIBIT B 
onnectiit  illin etion Seices, Picin nd dditionl  
 Monthly Recurring Charges (MRC-2) Qty Description Monthly Extended 1L Ten4 M Line Management Charge E Billing Aggregation Service K 2.50 K 42.50 4 Fusion, Calue M POTS line (for Alarms) QEstimated Fusion Rate K 48.95 K 195.80 13 Fusion, Essentials M POTS line (for Fax Machines) Q Estimated  Fusion Rate K 54.95 K L14.35 MRC-2 Estimated Subtotal $ 952.65 Customer will purchase POTS lines directly through Fusion. Ten4 will receive and pay those Fusion bills then invoice Customer for all Charges 
as set forth in monthly bills from Fusion, which may include taxes, fees, or regulatory surcharges (Taxes) that may be assessed on the 
Services estimated above. Customer will be responsible for all Fusion Charges and Taxes.  
 .. 
BILLING AGGREGATION SERVICES 
During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide aggregate billing of Customers broadband networH as listed herein, and as may be 
amended hereafter in writing. Ten4 agrees to provide the following Services: 
• A g g r e g a t e  b i l l i n g  i n  a  s i n g l e  i n v o i c e  
• P a y m e n t  o f  H n o w n  b i l l s  t o  s e r v i c e  p r o v i d e r s  
• M o n t h l y  b i l l i n g  a n a l y s i s  
• A c c e s s  t o  a c c o u n t  i n f o r m a t i o n  v i a  T e n 4  P o r t a l  
As to any effective SOF, Ten4 will not increase any specified rates during the Service Term but may, upon notice to Customer, adjust any 
such rates to Ten4s then-standard rate following the expiration of the fixed portion of the Service Term. Ten4 may, during the Service Term 
and upon notice to Customer, pass-through to Customer any increase in Costs if Ten4s underlying third party networH or service providers 
(Underlying Providers) increase their charges to Ten4.  
Billing Aggregation invoices are payable monthly in advance at the beginning of each month. All Ten4 invoices are due net fifteen (15) days 
from the date of the invoice. In the event a Billing Aggregation site is migrated on a date that is not the first day of the month, fees shall be pro-
rated for the month of migration and invoiced in the next subseFuent full month. Amounts not paid when due (total Ten4 invoice, including all 
Service Provider and Ten4 charges) may accrue interest at a rate of 1.5G per month or the highest amount permitted by applicable law, 
whichever is less. 
INITIAL