Administration Services Addendum
Customer Legal Name: Adams Property Group
Billing Address: P.O. Box 20850, Charleston, SC 29413
Billing Contact and e-mail Address: Shawana Blackstone, sblackstone@adamspropgroup.com
Service Location Addresses: (see Exhibit B)
As of the date this Administration Services Addendum is signed by Customer (Effective Date), Ten4 and Customer enter into this Agreement
and, in addition to the terms herein, agree to be bound by Ten4s Standard Terms and Conditions, which can be found at
www.ten4.us/standardTC and which are incorporated herein and constitute partof this Agreement.
1. Service Term
The Service Term for these Managed Services is thixtyesix (36) months, unless otherwise stated in writing.
Auto Renewal: Following the Initial Service Term, this Agreement shall renew automatically on a month-to-month basis upon the same terms
and conditions, and either party either party may terminate at any time with sixty (60) days written notice.
2. Coverage & Charges
During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide the following components, for sites listed herein:
BILLING AGGREGATION (Exhibit A)
NOC SERVICES (Exhibit A)
Coverage shall be during the business day (8am-5pm, EST/EDT), five days per week (Monday-Friday), excluding major holidays.
In addition to the terms and conditions in the MSA and listed herein, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AND EXPLICITLY AGREES TO BE BOUND
BY THE UNDERLYING SERVICE PROVIDER CONTRACTS. If primary connectivity such as Fiber, Cable or POTS is not included in this
Agreement, it MUST be obtained separately.
Billing for Services shall commence when this Agreement is signed by Customer and shall continue on a monthly basis for the Term of Service.
3. Payments yell) MothS 6)
MRC: Customer agrees to pay Four Hundred Fifty Dollars ($450.00) per month for a Term of thirty-eh-{36}—rrenths, invoiced
to Customer on a monthly basis, which shall become due and payable on the first day of each month. Sie
NRC: --NONE--
Invoices are payable monthly in advance at the beginning of each month, unless otherwise specified in writing, and are due net thirty (30) days
from the date of the invoice. Services may be suspended if payment is not received within thirty (30) days following date due.
Ten4 may, during the Service Term and upon notice to Customer, pass-through to Customer any increase in Costs if Ten4s underlying third
party network or service providers (Underlying Service Providers) increase their charges to Ten4. If Customer's equipment is lost or stolen
during the Service Term, Customer will be responsible for the replacement fee.
If Customer disputes any portion of an invoice relating to Ten4 Charges, Customer will notify Ten4 of the dispute within fifteen (15) days of the
date of the invoice and will include with such notice all applicable documentation supporting Customer's dispute. The parties will each designate
an authorized representative to discuss the dispute in good faith, such discussion to occur within five (5) business days of the date of Customer's
dispute notice. To the extent the dispute is resolved in Customer's favor, Ten4 will credit the applicable amount on Customer's next invoice; and
to the extent the dispute is resolved in favor of Ten4, Customer will deliver payment of the disputed amount (together with applicable interest)
within five (5) business days of the resolution decision.
If Customer disputes any portion of an invoice relating to Underlying Service Provider charges, Customer will notify Ten4 of the dispute within
fifteen (15) days of the date of the invoice and will include with such notice all applicable documentation supporting Customer's dispute. Ten4
will communicate the disputed amount/s and forward all submitted documentation to the Underlying Service Provider within a reasonable time
but Ten4 cannot and will not guarantee the nature or timeliness of a response by the Underlying Service Provider.
If Customer does not dispute an invoice within the timeframes and otherwise in accordance with this subsection, the invoice will be payable in
full and Customer will be deemed to have waived any right to dispute the invoice.
4. Customer Obligations
Customer agrees to provide Ten4 all necessary access to Customer's physical and network infrastructure, in order that service may be performed
as set forth herein. In the event that said access is not provided as requested, Customer is aware that monitoring and trouble ticketing may be
jeopardized.
At the termination of this Agreement, the Customer shall, within thirty (30) days of said termination, return all rented equipment to Ten4
undamaged and in good working order. Customer shall deinstall and ship the equipment using a shipping label provided by Ten4. Ten4 shall
use reasonable discretion in determining the condition of the equipment upon its return. It is also agreed that the failure of the Customer to return
any equipment, either within thirty (30) days of the termination of this Agreement or in a condition reasonably determined to be undamaged and
in good working order, shall make the Customer liable to Ten4 in the amount of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000) as liquidated damages.
1700 Union Avenue, Suite B ° Baltimore, MD 21211 © 410-464-8900 « www.ten4.us
Ten4 and Customer have caused this Agreement to be executed below by their duly authorized signatories.
Custo! Adams Property Group Distributed Computing, Inc. dba Ten4
as
BY? By: Deanna R. Kel
Title: Are, B l cclech< Title: Vice President
Vley 08/21/2020
~ PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL -
Tend « Page 2
EXHIBIT A
Services Administration Options
Monthly Recurring Charges (MRC)
Qty Description
15__| Ten4 Billing Aggregation, per circuit per site
15 __| Ten4 NOC Services, per circuit
BILLING AGGREGATION SERVICES
During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide aggregate billing of Customer's broadband network as listed herein, and as may be
amended hereafter in writing. Ten4 agrees to provide the following Services:
e — Aggregate billing in a single invoice
e« — Payment of known bills to service providers
° Monthly billing analysis
e — Access to account information via Ten4 Portal
Ten4 will not increase any specified rates during the Service Term but may, upon notice to Customer, adjust any such rates to Ten4s then-
standard rate following the expiration of the Initial Service Term. Ten4 may, during the Service Term and upon notice to Customer, pass-
through to Customer any increase in Costs if Ten4s underlying third party network or service providers (Underlying Providers) increase their
charges to Ten4.
Billing Aggregation invoices are payable monthly in advance at the beginning of each month. All Ten4 invoices are due net fifteen (15) days
from the date of the invoice. In the event a Billing Aggregation site is migrated on a date that is not the first day of the month, fees shall be pro-
rated for the month of migration and invoiced in the next subsequent full month. Amounts not paid when due (total Ten4 invoice, including all
Service Provider and Ten4 charges) may accrue interest at a rate of 1.5% per month or the highest amount permitted by applicable law,
whichever is less.
NOC SERVICES
During the Service Term, Ten4 agrees to provide help desk services relating to Customer's broadband network as listed herein, and as may
be amended hereafter in writing. Ten4 agrees to provide the following Services:
Extended helpdesk network/WAN support, including trouble ticket creation and resolution with underlying providers
Coverage period: 12 x 6 (8am — 8pm, Mon — Sat, EST/EDT)
Thirty (30) minute response time during coverage period
Access to service inventory at each location on NOC Services SOF, via Ten4 Portal
Reporting with metrics (calls/emails received, tickets opened, sites affected, tickets resolved, response times)
Cancellation of existing services upon request
ec cec eee
After-hours coverage for interruption of Provider Services and/or connectivity issues is provided at an additional expense.
If new broadband services are being ordered, Customer agrees to execute the referenced connectivity order/s with underlying carrier/s OR
Customer will execute a Letter of Authorization ("LOA"), allowing Ten4 to purchase connectivity services for this site as agreed to by the
Parties and described herein above.
It is agreed that the Customer end user will call Ten4s help desk with any network issue, or via other mutually agreed upon method. Ten4 -
shall promptly contact carrier for carrier-related issues but Ten4 is not responsible for any delay that is caused solely by the carrier in resolving
such carrier-related issues.
INITIAL >
- PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL - Ten4 * Page 3
SENnOnaPron >a
oy Ge ee ce oe
ARON AS
AIKEN:
ASHEVILLE:
AUGUSTA:
BONAIRE:
EVANS:
GRANITEVILLE:
GREENWOOD:
JACKSONVILLE:
NOBT KISSIMMEE:
. OAKBROOK:
. OCEAN ISLE:
. SENECA:
ST. MATTHEWS RD:
. WANDO:
. WESTMINSTER:
EXHIBIT B
Service Location Addresses
670 E Pine Log Road, Aiken, SC 29803
1402 Brevard Road, Asheville, NC 28806
159 Cooper Drive, Augusta, GA 30907
128 Highway 96, Bonaire, GA 31005
4731 Washington Road, Evans, GA 30809
4731 Washington Road, Evans, GA 30809
2077 Calhoun Road, Greenwood, SC 29649
5751 Beach Blvd., Jacksonville, FL 32207
2965 N Orange Blossom Trail, Kissimmee, FL 34744
760 Travelers Blvd., Summerville, SC 29485
6606 Ocean Highway West, Ocean Isle Beach, NC 28469
365 Keowee School Road, Seneca, SC 29672
1758 St. Matthews Road, Orangeburg, SC 29118
1176 Clements Ferry Road, Wando, SC 29492
2254 Sandifer Blvd., Westminster, SC 29693
wna
- PROPRIETARY & CONFIDENTIAL - Tend * Page 4