• USA DIGITAL MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT 
This Master Services Agreement ("MSA") is made this 9th day of June, 2023, ("by and between USA Digital Communications, Inc., a Nevada 
corporation, located at I 1600 Broadway Extension, Suite 150 Oklahoma City, OK 73 I 14, ("USAD" or "Provider"), and ("Customer''), JAS 
Worldwide located at 6195 Barfield Rd. Atlanta, Ga. 30328 
For the purposes of communicating and fulfillment, USAD will interface with the following listing of representatives of the Customer, which listing 
h c . . t e ustomer agrees to maintain: 
Contact 
Main Contact 
Technical 
Billing 
Equipment 
Network Alerts 
Rate Change/Other Customer Contact Information 
Name Phone Email 
Jennifer Hayes 8606072500 jennifer@tcainc.biz 
Jennifer Hayes 8606072500 jennifer@tcainc.biz 
1. Agreement. This agreement between the parties (Agreement) consists of this Master Services Agreement (MSA), any schedules describing 
offered Services (Service Agreements), any orders for services submitted by Customer and accepted by USAD (Service Orders), the Schedule of 
Ancillary Services found at Ancillary Services and any other documents incorporated by reference herein. If there is conflict between the MSA, 
Service Agreement or a Service Order, the document that shall control will be in the following order: I) Service Order, 2) Service Agreement 3) 
MSA. 
2. Services. Services offered by USAD to Customer for purchase are described in the Service Agreement and/or Service Orders executed by both 
parties (the "Services"). The Services may consist of services provided directly by USAD and also of services procured by USAD from third 
party suppliers. 
3. Term. 
3.1 Master Service Agreement. This MSA shall become effective on the date a Service Order is fully executed by both USAD and 
Customer and shall continue in full force and effect until the last Service Order's term expires or all Service Orders are cancelled by 
either party. 
3.2 Service Agreement and Service Order Term. Each Service Agreement or Service Order placed under this MSA shall have its own 
term (Services Tenn). At the end of the Services Tenn for any Service, such Service shall automatically continue month-to-month 
("Extension Period"), unless either Party gives written notice to the other that the Service(s) shall be disconnected, such notice to be 
delivered at least sixty (60) calendar days before the end of the Services Term, or if during an Extension Period, at least thirty (30) 
calendar days before the end of the Extension Period. 
4. Charges and Payment Obligation. The rates and charges for Services, including installation charges, per-minute-of-use charges, one-time 
non-recurring charges (NRC) or monthly-recurring charges (MRC) (collectively; "Charges") will be set forth in Services Agreements, Service 
Orders or exhibits made part thereof and entered into by the Parties. Installation and set-up charges (NRC), if applicable, are due and payable 
upon completion and timely acceptance by Customer. Expedited Installation services can be requested and will incur an additional charge. 
Expediting requests are not a guarantee that service delivery will occur inside the normal delivery window specified by PrO\ isioning Intervals. 
On the first billing, USAD will charge a prorated amount for all the MRCs from the date of activation to the end of the month in addition to 
charging a total amount for all MRCs one month in advance. If Customer cancels any Service Order or this Agreement after the Service has 
been ordered but prior to USAD notifying Customer that Service is available, Customer shall pay to USAD all third-party supplier costs 
including but not limited to pre-engineering costs, installation costs and cancellation fees that are charged to USAD due to Customer's 
cancellation. 
5. Payment. Invoices will be due on the date specified on the invoice ("Due Date"). USAD will notify Customer via email that the prepared 
invoice is available and Customer may log on the USAD's Billing portal at Imps: .. usad-ebill.com to view and download the invoice. It is 
understood that USAD or its representative and affiliates may impose a finance charge on delinquent amounts as follows: an amount equal to the 
lesser of the maximum lawful rate of interest, or one and one-half percent (I Vi%) per month: such amount will accrue on any unpaid or 
undisputed amount that is past due. An invoice is past due if any undisputed amount is not paid on the due date. Except for amounts properly 
disputed by Customer, if payment in full is not received from Customer on or before the Due Date, USAD shall have the right, after three (3) 
business days' notice, to do any or all of the following: (i) suspend or terminate Service to Customer, (ii) suspend or tenninate any or all Service 
Orders including any pending Service Orders or (iii) terminate this Agreement. 
MS A_ Rev _092019 11600 Broadway Ext. Ste. 150, Oklahoma City, OK 73114 I 888-872-3787 Page I of6 
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT 
If USAD initiates legal proceedings to collect any amount due or for recovery of any USAD equipment and USAD substantially prevails in such 
proceedings, and if USAD has included a claim for attorneys' fees and costs in the initial legal proceeding(s) and such fees and costs are 
awarded, then Customer shall pay the reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred by USAD in prosecuting such proceedings and any appeals 
therefrom. 
6. Forms of Payment. Acceptable forms of payment are: company checks, cashier's checks and certified checks, money orders, personal checks 
(for non-business accounts), wire transfers and ACH credits, except where other payment form restrictions are specifically noted in a separate 
Services Agreement Addendum. Checks must be written and payable in U.S. dollar values. Checks drawn on foreign banks and third-party 
checks are not accepted unless advance arrangements have been made. Payment by cash is not acceptable. USAD may accept, in its sole 
discretion, payment by credit card. USAD may impose a surcharge or convenience fee upon the Customer making a payment by credit card to 
wholly offset the amount of any discount or administrative fees charged to USAD. When a Customer elects to make payment to USAD by credit 
card and a surcharge or convenience fee is imposed, the payment of the surcharge or convenience fee shall be deemed voluntary by the 
Customer and shall not be refundable. 
7. Billing Disputes. Customer shall submit all disputes to USAD within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice in question. If Customer does 
not submit its dispute before the end of the thirty (30) day period, then Customer waives the right to dispute the charges. Customer will submit 
all disputes via a written statement containing reasonably sufficient detail together with supporting documentation. Customer may withhold 
payment for only the disputed amounts. Both parties shall use good faith efforts to resolve the dispute within forty-five (45) days from the Due 
Date of the invoice in question. At the end of the forty-five (45) day period, or after USAD makes a decision on the dispute, whichever comes 
first, either party may file to immediately commence arbitration in accordance with Section 25 of this Agreement. Once USAD makes a decision 
on the dispute the disputed amount shall be due or credited on the next invoice. 
8. Right to Assurance. If a Customer suffers a material adverse change in its financial condition, USAD may: (a) request adequate assurance of 
Customer's performance in the form of a cash deposit, and/or (b) decline to accept a Service Order, and/or (c) require changes to the previously 
agreed payment terms. Failure of Customer to provide a deposit or other form of security requested by USAD within three (3) business days of 
USAD's request shall be a material breach of Customer's obligations under this Agreement and shall entitle USAD to all remedies USAD 
would have for nonpayment of an undisputed amount due. 
9. Taxes, Fees and Assessments. Except to the extent Customer provides a valid exemption certificate in a fonn acceptable to USAD prior to the 
delivery of Services, Customer shall be responsible for payment of any and all applicable local, state and federal taxes or fees and any 
surcharges and assessments required or permitted by applicable Jaw. USAD further reserves the right at any time during the Service Tenn to 
pass through and invoice to Customer any existing, new or increased fees, any applicable ancillary fees, any assessments, taxes, regulatory fees 
(specifically including, but not limited to, federal or state Universal Service Fund obligations), or other charges imposed on, required, or allowed 
to be collected by USAD by any governmental agency or third party provider that affect USAD's costs in providing Services to Customer. 
10. Exemption Certificates. Accepted exemption certificates, including but not limited to tax exemption or 499a filing status certificates, shall be 
effective upon receipt. USAD reserves the right to require the submission of updated certificates for such exemption to remain effective. If 
USAD does not collect any tax, assessment or surcharge because Customer has provided USAD with an exemption certificate with inaccurate or 
incomplete information or that is later found to be inadequate by an applicable authority, then, notwithstanding USAD's prior acceptance of the 
certificate, Customer shall be liable for such uncollected amount, any interest assessed thereon, any penalty assessed with respect to such 
uncollected amount by the applicable authority, plus USAD's reasonable expenses and attorneys' fees that result from such proceedings. 
Exemption will only apply to taxes, fees, assessments and surcharges incurred after the date USAD receives the proper exemption 
documentation (Customer cannot receive credit for any taxes, fees, assessments or surcharges already billed). 
11. Equipment. USAD may, in connection with providing Services to Customer, locate equipment in Customer's premises. All such equipment 
shall be listed in the applicable Service Order, which may be amended from time to time if USAD changes the equipment configuration. 
Customer acknowledges and agrees that all right, title and interest in such equipment shall at all times be vested, and remain, in USAD. 
Customer shall assume liability for loss, damage or theft of such equipment while in their care, custody and control. Customer shall return all 
such equipment in the same condition as received (reasonable wear and tear excluded) to USAD upon the expiration or termination of the 
applicable Service Order. If for any reason Customer fails to promptly return such equipment to USAD, Customer acknowledges and agrees 
USAD shall have the right to enter Customer's premises to remove such USAD equipment. 
12. Third-Party Service Charges. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer is solely responsible for the payment of all charges and 
expenses associated with any third party-provided services used by Customer in connection with USAD's Services (including, but not limited 
to, payphone dial-around compensation surcharges, Local Access charges, PICC charges, End-User Common Line Charges), plus any 
reasonable administrative charge USAD may establish for its custom ers for administering these pass-through charges). This obligation includes, 
without limitation, any costs or charges incurred by USAD upon any termination or cancellation of any such third-party services. 
MSA_Rev _092019 11600 Broadway Ext. Ste. 150, Oklahoma City, OK 73114 I 888-872-3787 Page 2 of6 
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT 
13. Default. In the event of a breach of any material term or condition of the Agreement (except for payment breach) by a Party, the other Party 
may terminate the Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice, unless the breaching Party cures the breach during the thirty (30) day period. 
If a breach cannot be reasonably cured within a thirty (30) day period, such cure period shall be extended as may be reasonably required to cure 
such default. If Customer fails to pay any amounts due hereunder by the Due Date or fails to provide any security or additional security within 
the period required under the MSA and such failure remains uncured for ten (I 0) days after Customer's receipt of notice thereof from USAD, 
USAD may immediately suspend or terminate the MSA and any Services Agreements or Service Orders executed thereunder. 
14. Early Termination Charges. If(i) Customer terminates any Service provided by USAD under the MSA and the applicable Services 
Agreements and Service Orders for convenience prior to the expiration of the applicable tenn set forth in such Services Agreements and Service 
Orders, or (ii) USAD terminates this MSA and/or any Services Agreements and Service Orders for Customer's uncured breach, then, in addition 
to any other rights or remedies that may be available to USAD at law or in equity, Customer shall pay to USAD an amount equal to the sum of 
(i) all billed and unbilled charges which Customer has not paid at the time of termination; (ii) the monthly recurring charge for each active 
Service Order at the time of termination multiplied by the number of months remaining in the applicable Service Order Tenn, (iii) any revenue 
shortfall charge (as specified in any Service Agreement or Service Order) equal to the Monthly Usage Commitment contained in any Service 
Agreement or Service Order multiplied by the number of months remaining in the initial or subsequent tenn on the date of such termination, and 
(iv) all charges incu1Ted by USAD to its suppliers and other third parties for the provision or disconnection of Service to Customer. Customer 
agrees that the actual damages in the event of a termination would be difficult or impossible to ascertain, and that the charges described in this 
Section are intended to establish liquidated damages only and are not intended as penalties. 
15. Abuse of Service. USAD's Services may be used only for lawful purposes and may not be used in violation of any operating rule, policy, or 
guideline set by USAD. USAD will cooperate with law enforcement if criminal activity is suspected. USAD may immediately suspend or 
terminate a Service if such Service is used by Customer or any of its End Users in a manner that (i) restricts or inhibits any person, whether a 
user of USAD or otherwise, in its use or enjoyment of USAD's Service or any other systems, services or products; (ii) manipulation of any 
dialing record, SIP string or Call Detail Record in a pre-meditated attempt to alter the rate plan, routing or jurisdiction; (iii) violates any local, 
state, federal or international law or regulation or guidelines; (iv) is in violation of the USAD Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) that can be found at 
Acceptable Use Poiicy. 
16. Warranties. Except as may be provided for in the applicable Attachments, SERVICES PROVIDED U DER THE MSA OR A Y SERVICES 
AGREEMENT OR SERVICE ORDERS ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR 
STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, INFRINGEMENT, 
COMPLETE ESS, QUALITY OR FIT ESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. USAD HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY 
LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER FOR fNTERRUPTIONS AFFECTING THE SERVICES FURNISHED UNDER THE MSA OR SERVICES 
AGREEMENT THAT ARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUSTOMER'S INTERCONNECTION FACILITIES OR TO CUSTOMER'S 
EQUIPMENT FAILURES, OR TO CUSTOMER'S BREACH OF THE AGREEMENT. 
17. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL USAD OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR: (i) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR REYE UE, OR FOR ANY 
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR SIMILAR OR ADDITIONAL DAMAGES, WHETHER INCURRED OR 
SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF THE UNAVAILABILITY OF FACILITIES, PERFORMANCE, NON-PERFORMANCE, TERMINATION, 
BREACH, OR OTHER ACTIO OR INACTION UNDER THE MSA OR SERVICES AGREEMENT, OR FOR A YOTHER REASON, 
EVEN IF CUSTOMER ADVISES USAD OF THE POSS! Bl L TY OF THIS LOSS OR DAMAGE; OR (ii) FOR ANY OUT AGE OR 
INCORRECT OR DEFECTIVE TRANSMISSIONS, OR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT CONSEQUENCES THEREOF. CUSTOMER 
AGREES THAT ITS' SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IN THE EVENT OF BREACH OF THE WARRA TIES DESCRIBED fN THIS 
SECTION SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE SERVICE CREDITS DESCRIBED IN THE APPLICABLE SERVICES AGREEMENTS OR 
TERMfNATION OF THE RELEVANT SERVICE. 
18. Liability for Fraudulent Charges. CUSTOMER IS LIABLE FOR ALL CHARGES INCURRED FOR THE USE OF ANY SERVICE 
UTILIZING CUSTOMER'S EQUIPMENT, WHETHER AUTHORIZED OR UNAUTHORIZED. CUSTOMER SHALL NOT HOLD USAD 
LIABLE FOR A Y FRAUDULE T CHARGES OR USAGE WHICH MAY OCCUR ON ANY OF CUSTOMER'S SERVICES, 
INCLUDING ANY FRAUD RELATED TO UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OF CUSTOMER'S TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT. 
USAD OR ITS UNDERLYING CARRIERS, WITHOUT INCURRING ANY LIABILITY, RESERVE THE RIGHT TO DlSCONTrNUE 
FURNISHfNG SERVICES A DIOR BLOCK THE CUSTOMER'S ACCESS TO THE UNDERLYING CARRIER NETWORK 
IMMEDIATELY AND WITHOUT NOTICE IF THE COMPANY DEEMS THAT SUCH ACTION IS NECESSARY TO PREVENT OR TO 
PROTECT AGAINST FRAUD. REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT USAD DlSCONTrNUES OR BLOCKS SERVICE, CUSTOMER 
SHALL STILL BE FULLY LIABLE FOR ALL INCURRED FRAUDULE T CHARGES OR USAGE. 
MSA_Rev_092019 11600 Broadway Ext. Ste. 150, Oklahoma City, OK 73114 I 888-872-3787 Page 3 of6 
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT 
19. Definitions. Capitalized tenns not elsewhere defined in this MSA, other Services Agreements, Service Order Forms or other exhibits will have 
industry standard meanings or can be found at Dctinit1ons 
20. Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable under the MSA or Services Agreement for delays, failures to perform, damages, losses or 
destruction, or malfunction of any equipment, or any consequence thereof, caused by, or due to any cause beyond its reasonable control, 
including, but not limited to, fire, earthquake, flood, water, weather elements, acts of God, third Party labor disputes, utility curtailments, cable 
cuts, power failures, explosions, civil disturbances, vandalism, governmental actions, shortages of equipment or supplies, unavailability of 
transportation, acts or omissions of third Parties. The Party claiming relief under this Section shall notify the other in writing of the existence of 
the Force Majeure Event and shall be excused on a day-by-day basis to the extent of such prevention, restriction or interference until the 
cessation of such Force Majeure Event. In the event USAD is unable to deliver Service as a result of a Force Majeure Event, Customer shall not 
be obligated to pay USAD for the affected Service for so long as USAD is unable to deliver. 
21. Indemnification 
21.1. Both Parties Indemnification. Each Party shall defend and indemnify the other and their respective officers, directors, employees, 
suppliers, licensors, contractors and agents against and from any loss, debt, liability, damage, obligation, claim, demand, judgement 
or settlement of any nature or kind, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, including without limitation, all reasonable costs 
and expenses incurred including all reasonable litigation costs and attorneys' fees arising out of or relating to claims, complaint, 
action, proceeding or suit of a third party (including and investigation by a governmental agency or authority), that arise or relate in 
whole or part to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the indemnifying Party, its employees, agents, contractors, licensors or 
suppliers. 
21.2. Customer Indemnification. Customer shall defend and indemnify USAD and their respective officers, directors, employees, 
suppliers, Ii censors, contractors and agents against and from any loss, debt, liability, damage, obligation, claim, demand, judgement 
or settlement of any nature or kind, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, including without limitation, all reasonable costs 
and expenses incurred including all reasonable litigation costs and attorneys' fees arising out of or relating to claims, complaint, 
action, proceeding or suit of a third party (including any investigation by a governmental agency or authority), that arise or relate in 
whole or part to (i) Customer's breach of this Agreement, (ii) Customer's employees', agents', contractors', licensors', end users' or 
suppliers' unauthorized, illegal or fraudulent use of the Services (e.g., slamming),or use of the Services in breach of the AUP, (iii) 
alleged or actual violation by Customer of the Truth in Call ID Act. 
21.3. Procedure for Indemnification. The indemnified party promptly shall notify the indemnifying party of any claims that are subject 
to indemnification. The indemnified party shall have the right, at its own expense, to participate either directly or through counsel in 
any litigation or settlement negotiations. The indemnified party shall provide reasonable assistance and cooperation in such defense 
at the indemnifying party's expense. The indemnifying party shall not agree to any settlement without the written consent of the 
indemnified party and such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The indemnification provided herein shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement. 
22. Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in the MSA, or in the course of dealing between the Parties pursuant to the MSA, shall be deemed to 
create between the Parties (including their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents) a partnership, joint venture, 
association, employment relationship or any other relationship, other than that of independent contractors with respect to each other. Neither 
Party shall have the authority to commit or legally bind the other Party in any manner whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the acceptance 
or making of any agreement, representation or warranty. 
23. Confidentiality. The Parties understand and agree that the terms and conditions of this MSA, all documents referenced herein, 
communications between the Parties regarding this MSA or the Services to be provided hereunder, as well as any financial or business 
information of either Party, are confidential ("Confidential Information"). Such Confidential Information shall not be disclosed by either Party 
to any individual other than the directors, officers and employees of such Party or agents of such Party who have specifically agreed to non­
disclosure of the terms and conditions hereof. However, neither Party sh al I be required to keep confidential any information that: (i) becomes 
publicly available other than through the receiving Party; (ii) is required to be disclosed pursuant to a governmental or judicial rule, order or 
regulation; (iii) the disclosing Party independently develops; (iv) becomes available to the disclosing Party without restriction from a third 
party; or (v) is required by its lender and is given to such lender on a confidential basis. Neither party, nor their respective affiliates (including 
any members, shareholders, directors or officers of either of them), shall, without the written consent of the other Party, make any 
announcement or other disclosure relating to the transactions contemplated herein, except to their professional advisors, unless otherwise 
required by law. Each Party shall disclose the proposals herein to such professional advisors and to their respective employees on a need-to­
know basis only, and shall instruct such persons to maintain confidentiality. 
24. Publicity. No public statements or announcements relating to the Agreement shall be issued by either Party without the prior consent of the 
other Party. 
MSA_Rev_092019 11600 Broadway Ext. Ste. 150, Oklahoma City, OK 73114 I 888-872-3787 Page 4 of6 
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT 
25. Notices. Written notices to Customer shall be considered given and received by Customer on the third day after the date deposited in the U.S. 
Mail addressed to the address of record in USAD's billing records, or immediately upon delivery using electronic means such as e-mail or fax. 
Written notice to USAD shall be considered given when received in writing at USAD's corporate offices listed below. 
Customer Name: JAS Worldwide 
Address: 6195 Barfield Rd 
City, State, Zip: Atlanta, GA. 30328 
Attn: 
Fax/Email: 
USA Digital Communications, Inc. 
1 1600 Broadway Extension, Suite 150 
Oklahoma City, OK 73114 
Attn: Legal 
Fax: (888) 254-5096 
26. Assignment. Customer may not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under the Agreement without USAD's prior written consent which 
will not be unreasonably withheld. USAD may assign the MSA and Services Agreements without Customer's consent. Any assignment or 
transfer without the required consent is void. The MSA and Services Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Customer's 
permitted successors and assigns. 
27. Arbitration. Except for an action seeking a temporary restraining order or an injunction relating to the purposes of this Agreement, or suit to 
compel compliance with this dispute resolution process, the Parties agree to use the following alternative dispute resolution procedures as the 
sole remedy with respect to any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its breach. At the written request of either 
Party, each Party will appoint a knowledgeable representative to meet and negotiate in good faith to resolve any dispute arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement. The representatives shall have the discretion to determine the location, fonnat, frequency and duration of their 
negotiations, and to utilize other alternative dispute resolution procedures such as mediation to assist in the negotiations. All discussions and 
correspondence among the representatives shall be treated as confidential information developed for the purposes of settlement, exempt from 
discovery, and shall not be admissible in the arbitration described below or in any lawsuit without the agreement of the Parties. If the 
negotiations do not resolve the dispute within forty-five (45) days of the initial written request, the dispute shall be submitted to binding 
arbitration by a single arbitrator experienced in the matters at issue and selected by the Parties in accordance with the rules of the American 
Arbitration Association ("AAA"). The parties acknowledge that this Agreement is made pursuant to a transaction in interstate commerce, and 
that any arbitration will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. sec. 1, et seq. Any court with jurisdiction may enter judgement 
upon the award rendered by the arbitrator. The arbitration will be held in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The Parties agree that the arbitration shall 
proceed ex-parte in the event that a Party, after being duly notified refuses to participate in the arbitration. The prevailing party shall be entitled 
to reasonable costs and attorney's fees. 
28. Waiver and Amendment. The failure of either party to enforce any provision hereof on one or more occasions shall not constitute the 
pennanent waiver of such provision. Any addition, deletion or modification to this Agreement shall not be binding on either party except by 
written amendment executed by both parties. 
29. Severability. Any provision of the Agreement that is deemed invalid, void, or illegal shall in no way affect, impair, or invalidate any other 
provision of the Agreement, and the remaining provisions the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect to the greatest extent pennitted by 
law. 
30. Survival of Provisions. No termination of this MSA shall affect the rights or obligations of either party with respect to payment or with 
respect to other provisions of this MSA that, by their sense and context, are intended to survive termination of this MSA, including without 
limitation, indemnification, limitation of liability, confidentiality, governing law and forum selection. 
31. Counterparts. This MSA may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which shall constitute 
one and the same instrument. 
32. Governing law. This MSA and any amendments, attachments, Services Agreements or Service Orders shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Oklahoma. Customer hereby irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of any state or federal 
court sitting in the State of Oklahoma, County of Oklahoma, in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this MSA. Customer 
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent pennitted by applicable law, any objection which such party may raise now, or hereafter have, 
to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding 
brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
MSA_Rev_092019 l 1600 Broadway Ext. Ste. l 50, Oklahoma City, OK 73114 l 888-872-3 787 Page 5 of6 
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT 
33. Integration. The MSA, and all Attachments hereto, including Services Agreements and Service Orders, and all exhibits, schedules or addenda 
incorporated into the MSA, represent the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the Services and the MSA and supersede and 
merge all prior agreements, promises, understandings, statemen ts, representations, warranties , indemnities and inducements to the making of 
the MSA relied upon by either Party, whether written or oral. 
In witness whereof, USAD and Customer have read, understand and agree to all of the foregoing tenns and conditions of this MSA and do 
hereby execute by their signature below. 
Title 
u\ °'\ .)3 
Date ' \ 
Provider 
USA Digital Communications, Inc. 
Signature 
nnte ame 
Title 
Date 
MSA_Rev_092019 11600 Broadway Ext. Ste. 150, Oklahoma City, OK 73114 I 888-872-3787 Page 6 of6