*Arelion
Master Service Agreement
This Master Service Agreement (this Agreement or MSA), dated » 2023-2024 (Effective Date), is
entered into by and between Arelion U.S. Inc., a company duly organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, and
having its principal office at 2325 Dulles Corner Boulevard, Suite 550, Herndon, VA 20171 (Arelion), and
: a company duly organized under the laws of _ _, and having its principal office at
(the Customer"); individually referred to as a Party and collectively referred to as the
Parties.
1 Scope and Structure
1.1 This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions governing the Parties relationship with respect to the
purchase by Customer of services from Arelion (the Services) and is entered into with the expectation that
Customer will submit one or more orders using Arelions standard service order form (Orders) to Arelion for the
purchase of Services pursuant to this Agreement. The Services provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject
to (a) the terms of this Agreement; (b) the applicable Service Level Agreement; and (c) any additional terms and
conditions included in the Order for the Service.
1.2 From time to time, Customer may order Services from Arelion subject to a Service Level Agreement that was not
initially made part of this Agreement. In such event, the Parties agree that the terms of the relevant Service Level
Agreement will be incorporated into the Agreement and that Service Level Agreement will apply to all such Services.
1.3 The Parties agree that Affiliates (as such term is defined below) of Arelion and/or Customer shall be permitted to
enter into Orders pursuant to this Agreement, subject to the completion of a credit check and the provision of all
required information for the submission and processing of payments. Arelion and Customer shall cause their
respective Affiliates to comply with the terms of this Agreement and shall be liable and responsible for their
respective Affiliates performance pursuant to each Order and this Agreement. Any references to Arelion and
Customer in this Agreement are deemed to be references, respectively, to any such Arelion Affiliate or Customer
Affiliate that enters into an Order. Unless otherwise agreed in an Order, any notices to be provided pursuant to the
Agreement, whether to a signatory or to an Affiliate, shall be provided to the address set forth in this Agreement for
such purpose and the Affiliates shall provide appropriate contact and banking information as required to facilitate
invoicing and payment.
1.4 The term Affiliate means, in relation to a Party, any entity, whether incorporated or not, which owns, directly or
indirectly, a majority interest in that Party (a "Parent Company"), or in which a fifty percent (50%) or greater interest
is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Parent Company and, in the case of Arelion, such entity is part of the Arelion
group of companies providing communications services.
2 Term
2.1 The term of this Agreement (the Agreement Term) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall thereafter
automatically continue in effect unless terminated in writing by either Party with thirty (30) calendar days prior
written notice, subject to the terms and condtions of this Agreement.
2.2 Each accepted Order shall have its own minimum term as indicated on the Order (the Service Term), which shall
commence in accordance with Section 4 below. If a Service Term is not specified in an Order, the Service Term for
the relevant Service shall be twelve (12) months. After the expiration of the Service Term, each Order automatically
shall continue in effect subject to termination by either Party upon thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice or
until the Parties agree in writing on a new Service Term. In the event that the Service Term for a particular Service
extends beyond the Agreement Term, such Service(s) shall remain in effect for the agreed upon time of Service,
subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as if it were still in effect.
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 1(11)
*Arelion
3
3.1
3.2
3.3
41
4.2
Ordering Services
Customer may order Service from Arelion pursuant to this Agreement by submitting a signed Order. Each submitted
Order shall be considered an offer from Customer and shall be binding on the Parties only when signed by a duly
authorized representative of Arelion. All Orders shall be subject to availability and acceptance by Arelion. If
submitted, a Customer purchase order document shall be construed solely as evidence of Customers internal
business processes, and any terms, provisions or conditions contained in Customer's purchase order shall be of no
force and effect, and shall not in any way be deemed to amend, modify, supersede, alter or supplement this
Agreement or the applicable Order.
Upon receipt of an Order, Arelion will use commercially reasonable efforts either to accept or reject the Order within
five (5) business days, but may extend this interval for Orders involving the provision of services procured from a
third-party (e.g., local tails). As used in this Agreement, the term "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday
or Sunday) when clearing banks are open for the transaction of general banking business in the country or city in
which a relevant activity is to be performed or the relevant Service is to be rendered.
Arelion will send Customer via electronic mail a committed date by which the Service will be ready (the Committed
RFS Date) within twenty-one (21) calendar days from the date of receipt by Arelion of a fully signed and unamended
version of the Order or, with respect to Services relying upon a service procured by Arelion from a third-party
supplier (Off-Net Element), when Arelion receives the committed delivery date from the third-party supplier for the
Off-Net Element. If the Committed RFS Date is not met, Customer may claim credits according to the applicable
Service Level Agreement. However, if the Committed RFS Date is not met due to reasons attributable to the Off-Net
Element, Arelions sole responsibility will be to pass through to Customer upon request the late delivery credits
Arelion actually receives from the third party supplier of the Off-Net Element.
The rates and charges set forth in each Order relying upon an Off-Net Element are contingent upon the performance
of a site survey by Arelion. Customer shall provide Arelion with timely information regarding each site and access to
the site in order to perform a site survey. If after a site survey or the commencement of work at a site, Arelion
determines that unexpected or additional work, facilities or equipment are required to provide the Service, Arelion
will advise Customer and shall reserve the right to modify the charges for the Service upon notice to Customer in
order to account for any increased costs arising from conditions at the site. If the notified increase is greater than ten
percent (10%) of the total value of the charges for the Service at the relevant site during the committed Service Term,
Customer shall have the right to terminate the Service at the affected site upon written notice to Arelion, Such
termination right shall be Customer's sole and exclusive remedy and shall expire if it is not exercised within ten (10)
calendar days of receipt of notice from Arelion regarding the increase in charges.
Delivery and Testing
When a Service is ready for use by Customer, Arelion will send a notification to Customer by electronic mail. The
date on which such notice is issued shall be the ready-for-service date (RFS Date). Customer shall have three (3)
calendar days to test the Service (the Testing Period), The acceptance date for the Service provided by Arelion
pursuant to an Order shall be the earlier of (a) three (3) calendar days after the RFS Date, or (b) the date on which
Customer notifies Arelion of its acceptance of the Service. Unless Customer notifies Arelion in writing within the
Testing Period that the Service is not functioning in accordance with the applicable specifications, Customer shall be
deemed to have accepted the Service and the Service Term for the Service shall commence on the first day following
the end of the Testing Period.
If Customer believes that the Service is not operating in accordance with the specifications set forth in the applicable
Service Level Agreement, Customer will notify Arelion within the Testing Period and will provide a written
explanation of the problem, including any test data. Upon receipt of the notice, Arelion will re-test the Service. If
Arelion determines that the Service is not working in all material respects in accordance with the applicable
specifications, Arelion will work with the Customer to identify the cause(s) and rectify any problem with the Service
that Arelion is responsible for and notify the Customer when the Service is ready. The process in Section 4.1 will then
be repeated. If Arelion determines that the Service is working in all material respects in accordance with the
applicable specifications or that the cause of the Service not working is within Customer's responsibility or that of a
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 2(11)
*Arelion
5.1
5.2
5.3
6.1
6.2
6.3
6.4
third-party not contracted by Arelion, then the Service Term will commence as stated in Section 4.1 above.
Security
If requested by Arelion in connection with an Order or a Proposed assignment, Customer or Customers Affiliate or
proposed assignee shall submit a completed credit application. Arelion reserves the right to withhold initiation or
full implementation of Service or consent to an assignment without penalty pending the completion of a satisfactory
credit evaluation and Customer may be required to Pay a deposit or, with respect to usage-based Services, become
subject to a limit on the charges that Customer may incur before a payment is required (Credit Limit), At any time
during the Agreement Term, Arelion may require or revise a deposit amount or Credit Limit if, in Arelions sole
discretion, there is a material and adverse change in Customer's financial condition, business prospects, or payment
history. The amount of the deposit shall not exceed two (2) months charges (and/or, as the case may be, estimated
total monthly charges) under the applicable Order.
\f Customer fails to provide Arelion with a new or revised security deposit within ten (10) business days of a request
from Arelion, then Arelion shall have the right to suspend the provision of Service to Customer without liability
and/or terminate this Agreement and any Orders without further notice or demand. Arelion shall have the right to
apply the deposit to cure any payment defaults (or to pay any applicable Taxes as defined in Section 6.5) and shall
refund any remaining amount paid to Arelion pursuant to this Section without interest no later than thirty (30) days
after termination or suspension of Service.
If Customer fails to pay any charges incurred in excess of Customers Credit Limit within three (3) calender days of a
request from Arelion, then Arelion shall have the right to suspend the provision of Service to Customer without
liability and/or terminate this Agreement and any Orders without further notice or demand.
Invoicing and Payment
Arelions charges for each Service shall be set forth in the applicable Order. Customer shall pay to Arelion all
recurring and non-recurring charges for Service, plus all applicable Taxes (as defined in Section 6.5 below). All
payments due under this Agreement shall be made by wire transfer or ACH in immediately available funds in the
currency specified in the relevant Order to the account or accounts designated by Arelion. Payment shall be made
directly to Arelion by Customer from an account registered in Customers name. Arelion shall have the right to reject
any payment submitted by a third-party or from an account registered to a third-party, and such rejection shall not
relieve Customer of its obligation to make payment in accordance with this Agreement.
The Service will be invoiced as from the start of the Service Term. The invoice will include the monthly recurring
charges for the Service (including committed charges for Service billed on a usage basis) (the MRC(s)) and, as
applicable, non-recurring charges. When the Service Term starts on a day other than the first day of the month or
terminates on other than the last day of the month, the charge for that month shall be determined by pro-rating the
monthly payment by the number of days during which Service was provided.
Arelion will invoice MRCs and non-recurring charges monthly in advance and usage-based charges exceeding an
agreed commitment in arrears. Arelion will provide Customer with an invoice for Service and Customer shall pay
Arelion in full within thirty (30) calendar days of the date of the invoice (the Due Date). Subject to the provisions of
Section 6.4 below, if Arelion does not receive full payment by the Due Date, Arelion may (a) charge Customer interest
on the unpaid balance at the rate of 18% per annum or the highest lawful rate, whichever is lower, (b) require a
deposit or impose a credit limit pursuant to Section 5 above, and/or (c) suspend or terminate Service pursuant to
Section 7 below. Customer shall pay all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees,
incurred by Arelion in collecting past due balances.
If Customer, in good faith, disputes any charges invoiced by Arelion, Customer (a) shall provide Arelion with written
notice explaining the factual or legal basis for the dispute (with reasonable support to identify the nature of the
billing dispute) prior to the Due Date, (b) may withhold the amounts specifically in dispute and identified in the
dispute notice, and (c) shall pay all other amounts prior to the applicable Due Date in full and in accordance with this
Agreement. Failure by Customer to notify Arelion in writing of a dispute by the applicable Due Date of the invoice on
which a charge appears shall be deemed acceptance of the validity of the invoice and charge, and waiver of all
disputes in connection with the invoice. The Parties will make a good faith effort to resolve billing disputes as
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 3(11)
*Arelion
6.5
6.6
71
7.2
7.3
7.4
75
expeditiously as possible. If a dispute is resolved in favor of Customer, then Customer shall receive a credit on its
next invoice for the disputed amount. If a dispute is resolved in favor of Arelion, then Customer shall make payment
of the disputed amount withheld by Customer plus interest within thirty (30) calendar days of the resolution of the
dispute.
Unless agreed otherwise in an Order, all prices shall be exclusive of sales, use, excise, franchise, utility, VAT, gross
receipts and any other similar taxes, duties, regulatory fees or surcharges (including federal and state universal
service surcharges or contribution amounts ), or levies (other than income tax) incurred, contributed by or charged to
or against Arelion because of the sale, use or provision of Service by Arelion to Customer (Tax). In the event such a
Tax becomes due or is applicable, the respective amount will be added to the charges payable by Customer and
specified in the relevant invoice. Charges shall not include any taxes for which Customer previously has furnished
Arelion with a valid and up-to-date exemption certificate. If Customer is entitled to an exemption from any Tax in
connection with a particular Service, Customer shall provide Arelion with a current copy of a valid exemption
certificate. Arelion will give effect to any valid exemption certificate on a prospective basis after Arelions receipt of
such exemption certificate. Customer shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Arelion from all Taxes and related
penalties and interest that may be assessed on Arelion for disallowed or invalid exemption certificates. Upon
request, Customer shall provide Arelion with a certificate of tax residency.
Customer shall make payment free and clear of any deduction or withholding on account of any tax, duty or other
charges of whatever nature imposed by any taxing or governmental authority. If Customer is required by any law,
regulation or order issued by a taxing or governmental authority to make any such deduction or withholding,
Customer shall, together with the relevant payment, pay such additional amounts as will ensure that Arelion actually
receives and is entitled to retain, free and clear of any such deduction or withholding, the full amount which it would
have received if no such deduction or withholding had been required.
Suspension and Termination
In the event of a breach of any material term or condition of this Agreement by a Party, excluding a failure by the
Customer to pay amounts due under the Agreement, the non-breaching Party may terminate any Orders affected by
the breach upon thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice, unless the breaching Party cures the breach during
such thirty (30) day period.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, subject to applicable law, immediately in the event that the other; (a)
becomes insolvent; (b) files or initiates proceedings or has proceedings filed or initiated against it, seeking
liquidation, reorganization or other relief (such as the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or
such other official) under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law; (c) makes an assignment for the benefit of
the creditors or makes an application to a court of competent jurisdiction for protection from its creditors; (d)
admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature; or (e) ceases to function as a going concern or to
conduct its operations in the normal course of business.
In the event that Customer defaults by failing to pay any amount due to Arelion that has not been disputed in good
faith in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement and does not cure such default within ten (10) calendar days of
receipt of written or electronic notice from Arelion, then Arelion shall, in addition to any rights or legal or equitable
remedies that it may have under this Agreement or by law, have the right to (a) suspend the provision of Service
pursuant to any Order(s) or this Agreement without any liability or further notice until such time as Customer has
paid all past due amounts in full, including any interest, and/or (b) terminate the Agreement and/or Order(s),
Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, all rights of Customer to order new or additional Service under
this Agreement will cease, and Customer shall be obligated to pay for all Services rendered and deliverables
provided through to the effective date of such termination, Customer agrees and acknowledges that the loan or use
of any IP addresses shall terminate and the IP addresses shall revert and be returned to Arelion without delay when
this Agreement and/or any related Orders hereunder are terminated.
In the event that this Agreement or an Order is terminated by Arelion by reason of Customers breach pursuant to
this Section 7, or is cancelled by Customer in the absence of a material breach by Arelion, Customer shall pay to
Arelion an early termination charge equal to (a) one-hundred percent of the MRCs that would have become due for
each month or pro-rated portion thereof in the unexpired portion (if any) of the first twelve (12) months of the
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 4(11)
*Arelion
8.1
8.2
8.3
8.4
8.5
8.6
Service Term, and (b) seventy-five percent of the MRCs that would have become due for each month or pro-rated
portion thereof in the unexpired portion (if any) of months thirteen (13) through the remainder of the originally
scheduled Service Term. In addition, Customer shall reimburse Arelion for any third-party termination or
cancellation charges incurred by Arelion as a result of the termination or cancellation by Customer. Such charges
shall be payable within thirty (30) calendar days of the date on which Arelion provides an invoice for such early
termination charges. Customer agrees and acknowledges that the actual damages in the event of such termination
or cancellation would be difficult or impossible to ascertain, and that the charge in this Section is intended,
therefore, to establish a pre-estimate of the loss and is not intended as a penalty.
Provision and Use of Service
The Service shall be provided in accordance with the applicable Service Level Agreement. Customer agrees and
acknowledges that Service may be provided in areas outside of the country where Arelion is licensed to provide
service through Affiliates, provided. However, that Arelion shall continue to bill Customer for such Services and to
serve as Customer's point of contact for ordering and billing matters. All Service provided through a Arelion Affiliate
outside of the country where Arelion is licensed shall be subject to, and governed by, the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.
Each Party will provide the other with any reasonable information (including without limitation design layout, circuit
facility assignment, and other information), access and assistance required to install, test, inter-connect, maintain
and repair the Service. The Service provided by Arelion pursuant to the Agreement shall only be used for purposes
intended under the Agreement, and in accordance with all applicable laws, orders, rules and regulations. Arelion
shall be entitled, at its option, to immediately suspend Service if in its opinion the Service is being used in a manner
that may result in liability or other damage for Arelion or any of Arelions customers. Arelion reserves the right to
involve and co-operate with the police or other relevant authorities if a criminal violation is suspected, in order to
bring such misuse and/or violation to an end.
Each Party agrees to conduct its operations in a manner that does not interrupt, impair or interfere with the
operation of the other Partys network or services. The Service shall be provided subject to Arelions Acceptable Use
Policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference and shall be provided to Customer upon request and can be
accessed at Arelions website (https://www.arelion.com/legal.html). The Parties agree that if Arelion, in its sole
discretion, determines that an emergency action is necessary to protect its own network, then Arelion may block any
path over its network used by Customer.
Customer has sole responsibility for installation, maintenance, testing and operation of facilities, services and
equipment other than those specifically provided by Arelion as part of a Service provided in connection with this
Agreement or an Order. Customer shall be responsible for ensuring that services, equipment, cabling and/or
connections ordered by Customer from third-parties are provided and available at the same time as the Services
being provided by Arelion, In the event such Customer-ordered services, equipment, cabling and/or connections or
other services are not ready at such time as the Services provided by Arelion pursuant to Section 4 of this
Agreement, Arelion shall have the right to begin billing for its Services.
Arelion will provide Service only up to the relevant demarcation point and shall not be responsible for providing any
facility, equipment, access or Service on the Customer side of the demarcation point. The demarcation point shall be
the point at which Arelions responsibility to provide access, equipment and Service ends and where Customers
responsibilities begin, as identified on the applicable Order. Arelion will not be responsible for providing any access,
equipment or Service on the Customer side of the demarcation point or for providing in-house cabling, connectivity
or conduits unless specifically agreed in writing in the Order by the Parties.
!f Arelion installs any facilities or equipment on the Customer premises for purposes of providing Service, Customer
(a) shall be liable for any loss or damage to Arelion's facilities or equipment arising from the negligence, intentional
act, or unauthorized maintenance or other cause, including theft, of Customer or its employees or agents, (b) will
provide Arelion (or its designated subcontractors) access to such facilities or equipment as required for Arelions
Proper performance of its obligations and to provide Service, (c) shall not, and shall not permit any third-party, to
repair, disconnect, alter, rearrange or tamper with Arelions facilities or equipment, (d) will be responsible for
providing and maintaining, at its own expense, the space, the level of power (including the necessary grounding as is
required for the installation), heating and air conditioning, and humidity levels necessary to maintain the proper
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 5(11)
*Arelion
8.7
8.9
9.1
9.2
9.3
9.4
9.5
10
10.1
environment for the equipment, and (e) will provide Arelion upon termination or expiration of the Agreement or an
Order with access to its premises to facilitate Arelions removal of its property and equipment.
Customer understands and agrees that Arelion is an intermediary for the transmission of the Customer's and third-
party information, and that Arelion does not audit, select nor modify the information or content contained in these
transmissions, except as required by law. Arelion shall have no liability or responsibility for any information, content,
software, service, data, program, virus or product accessed, transmitted, provided or distributed via the Service.
Customer understands and agrees that use of data communications networks and the Internet may not be secure
and that connection to and transmission of data and information over the Internet and such facilities provides the
opportunity for unauthorized access to computer systems, networks, and all data stored therein.
During the Agreement Term, Arelion may modify the configuration and specifications of the Services, provided such
modifications are necessary due to technical, economic or regulatory developments or to maintain the quality
standard of the Services offered by Arelion and will not affect the essential characteristic features of the Services
ordered
The Agreement and the provision of the Services, equipment and the use of any software embedded or included in
such equipment does not and shall not be construed to transfer, assign, convey or grant to Customer any right, title
and/or interest in the equipment, the software, the Service or any intellectual property of any type.
Limitation of Liability
Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party, in contract, tort (including negligence) or for breach of statutory duty
or in any other way for (a) any economic loss, loss arising from or in connection with loss of revenues, profits,
contracts, customers or business or from failure to realize anticipated savings, (b) any loss of goodwill or reputation,
(c) the loss or corruption of any data, and/or (d) any indirect, consequential, special, incidental, exemplary or punitive
loss or damage, in connection with this Agreement whether or not the Party knew or should have known of the
possibility of such damages in advance.
Subject to Sections 9.1 and 9.3, each Partys liability under or in connection with this Agreement (whether in tort,
contract or otherwise) shall be limited to the lower of amount(s) paid by Customer for the Service affected by the
event giving rise to the liability during the six (6) months prior to the event giving rise to the liability.
Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude a Partys liability for death or personal injury resulting from
negligence, amounts due for Services provided under this Agreement, or for any other type of liability, loss or
damage which by applicable law cannot be limited or excluded.
Except as provided in this Agreement, Arelion makes no other warranty, express or implied, as to the description,
quality, merchantability completeness, or fitness for any purpose of any Service or space provided or arranged in
connection with this Agreement or any other matter, all of which warranties are hereby expressly excluded and
disclaimed.
Except as set out in the Service Level Agreement for the relevant Service, Arelion shall not be liable to pay any
damages in connection with the failure or inability to satisfy the service levels set out in the Service Level Agreement
or for any loss or damage sustained by Customer (or Customer's customers) due to any degradation in the quality of
the Service, the failure or breakdown of any facilities or equipment used in providing the Service, the loss or
corruption of data, or any issues pertaining to the content or information transmitted or any interruption to the
Services, regardless of the cause or duration thereof.
Force Majeure
In no event shall either Party have any claim or right against the other Party for any failure of performance by such
other Party (excluding payment obligations) if such failure of performance is caused by or is the result of causes
beyond the reasonable control of such other Party (a Force Majeure Event), including, but not limited to, fire,
lightning strikes, flood or other natural catastrophe; laws, orders, rules, regulations, directions or actions of
governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the subject matter of this Agreement or any civil or military
authority; the condemnation, compulsory purchase or taking by eminent domain of a Party's facilities used in
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 6(11)
*Arelion
10.2
AL
11.1
11.2
12
12.1
12.2
12.3
connection with the Service; a fiber cut caused by a third-party; the insolvency of an underlying facility provider or
other supplier; national emergency, insurrection, terrorism, riot or war; labor strike that effects delivery of
committed service or other similar occurrence recognized as a Force Majeure Event under applicable law and
jurisprudence.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if a failure of performance caused by a Force Majeure
Event exceeds thirty (30) calendar days, either Party may terminate the affected Order(s) immediately on written
notice to the other Party, without incurring any liability. Such right of termination must be exercised, if at all, prior to
the end of the Force Majeure Event period. The claiming Party shall have no liability to the other Party as a result of a
Force Majeure Event.
Indemnification
Each Party shall indemnify and hold the other Party harmless from any third-party claims, losses and expenses
(including reasonable legal fees) with respect to damage to tangible property, personal injury or death caused by
such Party's negligence or willful conduct. Customer agrees to indemnify and hold Arelion harmless from any and all
claims arising from Customer's use of the Service and from any all claims brought by Customers subscribers,
customers or end-users resulting from any use of the Service via or through Customer.
In all instances in which one Party (the Indemnifying Party) is obligated to indemnify another (the Indemnified
Party) as provided for in this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall notify the Indemnifying Party promptly after
becoming aware of the claim, damage, loss, suit or other event (the Ciaim) giving rise to its right of indemnification
hereunder. The Indemnified Party shall provide the Indemnifying Party reasonable cooperation (e.g., providing
copies of documents or testimony of witnesses), at the Indemnifying Partys expense, in the defense of the Claim.
The Indemnifying Party shall have control over the defense of the Claim, provided that the Indemnified Party shall
have the right to participate in a secondary role at its own cost and expense with counsel of its selection. Any
settlement or compromise of a Claim initiated or entered into by an Indemnifying Party must receive the prior
written consent of the Indemnified Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
Subject to Laws
This Agreement, and each Order, is subject to all applicable laws, and regulations, rulings and orders of governmental
agencies and the obtaining and continuance of any required approval or authorization of any governmental body or
agency. Either Party may terminate its obligations under this Agreement without liability if ordered to do so by the
final order or ruling of a court or other governmental agency or if such an order or ruling makes it impossible for
either Party to carry out its obligations under this Agreement. The Parties contemplate that at least ten percent (10%)
of the traffic carried over the Service will be interstate or international. If it is determined at any time that any
interexchange service or circuit is subject to state regulation, then Arelion may terminate the affected Service upon
written notice without liability,
Each Party represents, covenants, and warrants that it will refrain from any activity in connection with this
Agreement that would constitute a violation of the provisions of any applicable law governing bribery or corruption
(collectively the Anti-Corruption Rules). In performing this Agreement, neither a Party nor any of its officers,
directors, employees, agents, or shareholders acting on its behalf shall give, offer, pay, promise, request to pay, or
otherwise authorize the payment of, directly or indirectly, any money or anything of value to any officer or employee
of any government, consultants, agents, business partners or third-parties for the purpose of influencing any act or
decision of such party or official or of the government or to secure any improper advantage in obtaining or retaining
business for or with, or directing business to, any person. Neither Party shall request or accept any bribes or other
corrupt payments from the other Party. From time to time, at the reasonable request of the other Party, each will
confirm in writing that it has complied with its undertakings under this Section and will provide any information
reasonably requested in support of such compliance. Any breach of this Section shall give the non-breaching Party
the right to terminate the Agreement without prejudice to any other rights and remedies available.
During the Agreement, each Party will comply with applicable data protection laws and shall implement appropriate
technical and organizational measures in compliance with applicable law to protect Customer data against accidental
or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, and against other unlawful
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 7(11)
* Arelion
13
13.1
13.2
13.3
13.4
14
14,1
forms of processing. In the event of a data breach involving personal information, the Party becoming aware of the
breach will promptly notify the other Party of such breach and provide any information the other Party requires in
order to comply with its obligations under the applicable data protection laws. Where personal data is provided by
one Party to the other Party in relation to the Agreement for the purposes of each Party fulfilling its contractual
obligations, each Party will process personal data as data controller strictly in accordance with the applicable data
protection laws. Neither Party will process personal data on behalf of the other Party as data processor for the
Purposes of this Agreement. If either Party anticipates that any change to this Agreement and/or the scope of
Services would require the processing of personal data on the other Partys behalf as data processor, then the
relevant Party will immediately notify the other in writing and the Parties will negotiate in good faith to incorporate
appropriate provisions into the Agreement in accordance with the applicable data protection laws. No such
processing will be made until appropriate provisions have been agreed in writing by the Parties.
Trade and Sanctions Compliance
The term Prohibited Party List shall refer to any list of prohibited, blocked, denied, restricted, embargoed,
designated or sanctioned parties, as may be in force and amended from time to time, including but not limited to the
lists maintained by the government of the United States of America (e.g., including without limitation the Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Entity List,
Denied Persons List and/or Foreign Adversary List maintained or designated by the U.S. Department of Commerce
(BIS), the list of statutorily or administratively debarred parties maintained by the Directorate of Defense, Trade
Controls of the U.S. Department of State), the European Union (e.g., the Consolidated list of persons, groups and
entities subject to EU financial sanctions) and/or its member states, and any other government authority.
Customer represents and warrants that (a) Customer, including its employees, officers, directors, representatives,
agents, Affiliates and/or financial institution, is not subject to any sanctions or otherwise listed or included on a
Prohibited Party List, and (b) Customer is not directly or indirectly owned fifty percent (50%) or more in the aggregate
by one or more persons, entities or organizations listed on any Prohibited Party List, nor controlled by, or acting on
behalf of or for the benefit of any party or parties included on any Prohibited Party List. Customer shall provide
Arelion with complete and accurate information in writing detailing its direct and/or indirect ownership upon request
and immediately shall notify Arelion in writing about any change of ownership, control and/or other circumstances
that would place Customer in breach of the representation and warranty made in this Section.
Customer hereby acknowledges and agrees that the use of the Services, which term is inclusive of any related goods,
technology, information, equipment and/or software provided by Arelion, may be subject to import, export and trade
sanctions laws (Trade Laws) and shall be solely responsible for its compliance with all applicable Trade Laws.
During the Agreement Term, Customer, at all times, shall: (a) use the Services in compliance with all applicable Trade
Laws, (b) not directly or indirectly resell, assign transfer, transmit, make available export, re-export, or provide the
Services, directly or indirectly, to any country, destination, corporation, organization, entity or person on a Prohibited
Party List or in violation of any Trade Laws or any prohibited end-use pursuant to Trade Laws, and (c) shall not do
anything which would cause Arelion to be in violation of any Trade Laws. If requested by Arelion, Customer agrees to
provide written assurances and sign other documents as may be reasonably required for Arelion to comply with
applicable Trade Laws. The breach of any of the representations and warranties set forth above and/or the failure by
Customer to comply with any part of this Section shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement that is not
susceptible to cure or subject to a cure period. In the event of such a material breach, Arelion shall have the right
upon written notice to Customer and with immediate effect to suspend the performance of any Services and/or to
cancel or terminate any Order or this Agreement without liability or further obligation to Customer.
Non-Disclosure
The Parties agree that Confidential Information received from the other Party shall be kept confidential. The term
Confidential Information shall include all information made available by or on behalf of one Party (the Disclosing
Party) to the other Party (the Receiving Party) under or in connection with this Agreement, including but not
limited to (a) the rates, terms and conditions of this Agreement, including any Orders, (b) all information, data, know-
how, trade secrets or other material pertaining to the operations, technology, intellectual property, programs,
strategies, business plans, finances, personnel, customers, suppliers, markets, network, sales, prices, policies or
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 8(11)
*Arelion
14.2
14.3
14.4
14.5
15
business affairs of the Disclosing Party or its Affiliates, (c) all information which is marked as proprietary,
confidential or with words of similar meaning, (d) information otherwise supplied orally with a contemporaneous
confidential designation, or (e) information which is known by the Receiving Party to be confidential or proprietary
information or documentation of the Disclosing Party. The Parties agree that the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and all exhibits referenced herein, as well as any invoices for Service provided hereunder, are Confidential
Information.
Confidential Information shall not include information that (a) is or becomes part of the public domain through no
fault of the Receiving Party or breach of this Agreement, (b) is rightfully received by the Receiving Party from a third-
party not acting in breach of an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Disclosing Party, (c) is independently
developed by the personnel of the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates without access to the information disclosed
by the Disclosing Party, (d) is rightfully known to or possessed by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates, as evidenced by
the written records of the Receiving Party or its Affiliates, as the case may be, prior to its receipt from the Disclosing
Party, or (e) is disclosed by the Receiving Party with the Disclosing Party's prior written consent. The Party claiming
that any of the exceptions set forth in this Section apply shall have the burden of proof to establish such
applicability.
Each Party agrees (a) to hold the other Partys Confidential information in strict confidence and to disclose the
information only to those of its employees or permitted third- Parties with a legitimate need to know such
information, (b) to exercise at least the same care in protecting the other Party's Confidential Information from
disclosure as the Party uses with regard to its own Confidential information, but in any event no less than a
reasonable degree of care, and (c) not to disclose such Confidential Information to third-parties, excluding
employees of an Affiliate, independent third-party auditors, potential third- party purchasers, shareholders, lenders,
investors and similar parties provided that they agree in writing to comply with confidentiality requirements no less
restrictive than those contained in this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Receiving Party may disclose
Confidential Information of Disclosing Party in accordance with a judicial or other governmental order or request or
by operation of law, provided that Receiving Party, if permitted by law, will notify Disclosing Party thereof in order to
allow Disclosing Party a reasonable opportunity to seek a protective order or equivalent, provided such notice is
permissible.
Each Party shall be liable for any breach of confidentiality by itself or any of its agents, Affiliates or representatives.
Receiving Party shall notify Disclosing Party immediately upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of
Confidential Information or any other breach of this Agreement by Receiving Party and/or its employees, consultants
or contractors, and will cooperate with Disclosing Party in every reasonable way to assist Disclosing Party to regain
Possession of the Confidential Information and prevent its further unauthorized use or disclosure. Notwithstanding
termination of this Agreement, the Parties obligations under this Section shall remain in full force and effect with
respect to confidential knowledge and information for a period of one (1) year after the termination date of this
Agreement.
Neither Party shall have the right to use the other Partys or its Affiliates trademarks, service marks or trade names
or to otherwise or to make a public announcement or to refer to the Agreement or any Orders without the consent
of the other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may make an announcement concerning this
Agreement or any ancillary matter if required by law or by any securities exchange or governmental body with
jurisdiction over the Party.
Notices
Formal notices under this Agreement (in particular in relation to its termination, breach, assignment or the new address for
notices) must be in writing and delivered to the address of the Party set out in the first paragraph of this Agreement and
such notice shall be deemed given on the date of receipt, or refusal of delivery, by the receiving Party. A Party may change
the address to which future notices under this Agreement are to be delivered to such Party by giving notice to the other
Party in accordance with this Section. Other notices under the Agreement (for day-to-day operational, technical or
commercial purpose or with respect to past due amounts) may be delivered by electronic mail to the relevant contact
person on a case by case basis, and shall be deemed received by the other Party on the business day following the sending
of the electronic mail.
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 9(11)
*Arelion
16 Assignment
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective permitted successors and
assigns. Neither Party shall assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or an Order without the prior written consent of the
non-assigning Party, provided, however, that, either Party may assign this Agreement or an Order or its rights and
obligations thereunder to: (a) an Affiliate; (b) pursuant to any sale or transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the
assigning Party; or (c) pursuant to any merger or acquisition; provided, further, however, that the assignee shall agree in
writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and, when Customer is the assigning Party, the assignee shall have a
credit profile equal to or stronger than the assigning Party as reasonably determined by Arelion. Any purported assignment
without a required consent or that is not permitted by this Section 16 shall be deemed void and shall entitle the non-
assigning Party to terminate this Agreement and the Services provided hereunder at its option upon ten (10) calendar days
prior written notice.
17 Relationship of the Parties
17.1 Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed or construed to create any third-party beneficiary or any relationship of
principal and agent, partnership or joint venture between the Parties, Unless otherwise specifically authorized in
writing, no Party shall make any express or implied agreements, guarantees or representations, or incur any debt in
the name of or on behalf of the other.
17.2 Customer is the service provider with respect to its end-users and Arelion is merely a supplier to Customer with no
relationship to Customer's end-users. The Parties agree and acknowledge that Customer shall assume all credit risk
associated with Customers end-users and that delays or failures in obtaining such payments from end-users shall
Not affect or relieve Customer of its responsibility to make Payments to Arelion pursuant to this Agreement
17.3 Arelion may subcontract the performance of any of its obligations under this Agreement; provided, that Arelions
use of a subcontractor shall not relieve Arelion from any of its obligations under this Agreement.
18 General Warranties
Each Party represents and warrants that (a) the person executing this Agreement has the right, power and authority to
execute documents and to contractually bind the executing Party; and (b) it has received all necessary permits, licenses,
and approvals necessary to provide or use the Services.
19 Rules of Construction
19.1 The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not intended to describe, interpret,
define or limit the scope, extent or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. All provisions that can be given
proper effect only if they survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement will survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.
19.2 Should any terms or conditions within this Agreement, any appendix, and/or any Order be in conflict with or
inconsistent with one another, the documents shall be interpreted in the following order of precedence: (a) the
Order, (b) the applicable Service Level Agreement, and (c) this Agreement.
19.3 if any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the
remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unimpaired and shall remain in effect and be binding upon the
Parties. In such event, the Parties agree to negotiate, in good faith, substitute valid provision(s) that most nearly
approximate the Parties intent.
19.4 No waiver of a default or breach of any provision of this Agreement or the failure or delay of the nonbreaching Party
to exercise its remedies hereunder shall constitute a waiver or bar the non-breaching Party from enforcing its rights
under this agreement with respect to the existing breach or any other subsequent default or breach. All provisions
that can be given proper effect only if they survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement will survive the
termination or expiration of this Agreement.
Confidential and proprietary Information
Page 10(11)
*Arelion
20 Governing Law and Venue
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the validity and performance hereof shall be
governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. The Parties irrevocably consent and submit to the jurisdiction in the
courts of competent jurisdiction located in the Commonwealth of Virginia for all matters arising under this Agreement.
21 Entire Agreement
This Agreement (including any appendices, exhibits, attachments and/or schedules attached hereto) constitutes the entire
Agreement between the Parties with respect to the matters set forth herein and correctly sets forth the rights, duties, and
obligations of each Party to the other as of the Effective Date. The Parties agree and acknowledge that they have not relied
upon any prior agreements, promises, or representations in entering into this Agreement.
22 Amendments
No alteration or variation of the terms of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing and signed
by a duly authorized representative of each of Arelion and Customer.
Each Party agrees that the electronic signatures of the Parties included on this Agreement are intended to authenticate this
Agreement and to have the same force and effect as manual signatures. The term electronic signature means any
electronic symbol and/or process attached to or logically associated with a document and executed by a Party with the
intent to sign such document, including facsimile, e-mail, or other electronic signatures,
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. In confirmation of their consent and agreement to the terms and
conditions contained in this Agreement and intending to be legally bound thereby, the Parties have executed this
Agreement.
Arelion U.S. Inc. Customer
By: By:
Name: Name: LLC
Title: Title:
Date: Date: 03/06/2024
Confidential and proprietary information
Page 11(11)