GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   SEPTEMBER 2022  
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 GLOBAL  TERMS AND  CONDITIONS  
1. Structure . These Global  Terms and Conditions 
(Global  Terms and Conditions ) are incorporated by reference 
into each country -specific Master Services Agreement entered 
into by Customer and the applicable Digital Realty  entity  (each, a 
Country MSA ). The terms Customer  and Digital Realty  are 
defined in the applicable Country MSA. Services may be 
performed by Digital Realty , an affiliate of Digital Realty, or any 
independent contractor(s) on behalf of Digital Realty. Digital 
Realty may also be referred to as Licensor and Customer may 
also be referred to as Licensee in Orders. Customer and Digital 
Realty may enter into orders  (whether executed by a manual or 
electronic signature or via Digital Realtys online ordering 
platform, each  an Order ), each of which incorporates the terms 
of the applicable Country MSA and constitute s a separate and 
distinct contract  for data center -related services  and/or  product s 
to be provided by Digital Realty to Customer  (Services ), as 
more particularly set forth on each Order . An Order, together with 
its applicable Country MSA and these Global  Terms and 
Conditions  incorporated therein , is referred to  as the 
Agreement . Services may not be ordered , activated,  or used  
by Customer,  unless and until an applicable Country MSA 
and these Global Terms and Conditions are executed.    
2. Term . 
(a) Agreement Term .  The initial term of each  Agreement 
(i.e., the period prior to any Extension Term as defined below) is 
defined in the Country MSA. Th ese Global  Terms and Conditions 
will continue to be effective so long as at least one  Order and 
applicable Country MSA are in effect.    
(b) Commencement Date . The  Commencement Date  is 
the date design ated in an Order as the  commencement date; 
provided that i f installa tions are required  to be performed by 
Digital Realty , the Commencement Date will be the earlier of (i) 
the date Digital Realty completes the applicable pre -
Commencement Date installations and delivers notice of 
completion to the Customer , or (ii) the date Customer occupies 
the Customer Area  or begins using a Service . In either case, 
Digital Realty will inform Customer of the actual Commencement 
Date  (which notice may be via e -mail) . Services may have 
different Commencement Dates under the same Order, in which 
case billing will commence for each Service upon the date that 
such individual Service ha s commenced.  
(c) Extensions . Except as otherwise set forth in an 
Agreement , the Term  (as defined below)  will automatically extend 
for subsequent 1 -year period(s) (each, an  Extension Term ) on 
the same terms unless Digital Realty  or Customer  provide s written 
notice to the other party of its decision not to extend at least 90 
calendar days prior to the expir ation of the then current Term . The 
initial term and any Extension Term (s), as applicable, shall 
collectively be referred to as the  Term . 
3. Right to Use  Customer Area  and Services . 
(a) Right to Use . During the applicable Term, Digital 
Realty  (i) grants to Customer  a non-transferable  (except as 
otherwise provided in Section 1 4(c)), non -sub licensable , limited 
right to deploy  computer, network ing, communication, security 
and other systems, and associated racks, wiring, cabling and 
materials (collectively,  Equipment ) in the space described in 
the Order  (Customer Area  or the  Premises ) at the building 
identified in an Order ( Building ); and ( ii) will provide or cause to 
be provided  to Customer  the S ervice(s) set forth in the Order , 
subject to the provisions of the Agreement . The portion of the 
Building used to furnish data center Services within which the 
applicable Customer Area is located is known as a  Data Center  
or Suite . The owner, landlord or ground lessee of a Building is 
known as  Owner . This Agreement does not constitute a lease or convey ance  of any interest in real property  to Customer , and 
Customer  shall have no interest in the Customer Area , Data 
Center , Building  or the land on which the Building is located, 
including Digital Realtys associated Equipment and personal 
property (the  Property ), other than the right to access and use 
the Customer Area as set forth in this Agreement .   
(b) Interconnections . All interconnections  between 
Customer  Equipment and the equipment of anyone else,  
including the equipment of any telecommunication carrier or 
telecommunications service providers,  shall be contracted 
through  and installed by  Digital Realty  and performed  in the 
Building point of presence or meet -me-room  area(s) 
(Connectivity Area  or MMR ) designated by Digital Realty . 
Customer  may not ( i) operate its own  Connectivity Area in the 
Customer Area  or any other portion of  a Building  or refer to the 
Customer Area as a meet -me-room ; or (ii) provide carrier -
neutral interconnection services in the Customer Area  or any  
other portion of the Building .   
(c) Policies and Procedures . Customer  will (i) have 
non-exclusive  access  to the relevant portions of the Building  to 
install  Customer  Equipment  in the Customer Area ; (ii) use the 
Customer Area  and Services in compliance with this Agreement 
and Digital Realty s then-current policies a nd procedures 
described at http:// www.digitalrealty.com/leasing ; and (ii i) ensure 
that its designated  users, visitors, contractors and others 
accessing or using the Building or Services in connection with , as 
authorized by, or on behalf of,  Customer  (collectively  Customer 
Authorized Persons ) also comply with this Agreement and 
Digital Realty s Building policies and procedures . As between the 
parties, Customer is responsible for Customer Authorized 
Persons  in connection with the Agreement , Building or Services . 
Digital Realty  may refuse  access to the Building (including the 
Customer Area ) to anyone , inclu ding Customer Authorized 
Person s, if Digital Realty  in its reasonable sole discretion 
determines that person presents a hazard or security threat to 
Digital Realty  or other occupants of the Building or if the 
Customers rights under Section 3(a) have been suspended or 
terminated.    
(d) Customer Data . Notwithstanding any provision in 
the Agreement to the contrary, Customer  shall have sole control 
over and responsibility for, and Digital Realty shall have no liability 
in connection with,  the safety, security  and integrity of any data or 
information  stored  or processed  on Customer Equipment or  
transmitted to or from Customer.  Customer  Equipment, 
Customer s storage , processing,  and transmission of data and 
information, including via third party services, and associated 
Customer  information security and privacy practices, shall comply 
with applicable laws, and industry standard information security 
practices, including those relating to the access, backup and 
encryption of data. Customer will not give Digital Realty  (or 
anyone acting on or behalf of Digital Realty)  access to data or 
information stored on , processed by,  or transmitted to or from 
Customer Equipment.      
(e) Customer s Power  Usage . 
(i) Customer  shall (A) not exceed the basic 
power capacity described in an Order ( Basic Capacity ), or 
exceed the maximum cabinet or rack power density for , or draw 
more th an, eighty percent (80%) of each  electrical power circuits 
rated capacity at any time ; (B) ensure that that total power draw 
of any power circuit (A -side, B -side or A -side and B -side 
combined) does not exceed 80% of the Primary (A -side) capacity ; 
(C) properly use the A+B or dual corde d power circuit delivery 
so that Customers Equipment can continue to operate during an 
interruption of one of the dual power circuits ; (D) balance the 
GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   SEPTEMBER 2022  
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 loading of any redundant circuit pair evenly (50% of the load on 
the primary, and 50% of the load on the  secondary), as applicable;  
and (E) balance its loading across phases of any three -phase 
circuits provisioned to Customers cabinet(s) or rack(s) . If Digital 
Realty notifies Customer that Customer has violated any of the 
requirements of this Section (3)(g) (i), Customer must take 
immediate action to remedy such noncompliance.  
(ii) Digital Realty  may measure Customer s actual 
electrical usage  using methods and systems , including sub-
meters, pulse meters, electrical surv eys, engineers estimates, or 
branch circuit monitoring.  If Digital Realty  notifies Customer  that 
Customer  has exceeded the applicable Basic Capacity, Customer  
will take immediate action to reduce its  power consumption to be 
at or below the applicable Bas ic Capacity .  In addition to any other 
remedies Digital Realty may have under the Agreement, i f 
Customer  exceeds the Basic Capacity during any month,  then 
Digital Realty may charge Customer a fee equal to 150% of the 
product of ( A) the MRCs (defined below)  on a per kW basis and 
(B) the kW/hour/month in excess of the Basic Capacity in such 
month .  
4. Delivery of Services . 
(a) Digital Realty s Mainten ance .  Digital Realty  will 
maintain  or cause to be maintained  the (i) common area s of the 
Building  serving the Customer Area , (ii) power distribution units 
and the uninterruptable power supply plant serving the Customer 
Area , (iii) fire suppression system serving the Customer Area , (iv) 
floors, foundation , exterior walls, windows and roof  of the Building, 
(v) an el ectronic key card, access code and/or biometric system 
to control access to the Data Center , and ( vi) a video survei llance 
system in the Data Center .   
(b) Condition of Customer Area .  Except as expressly 
provided otherwise  in the applicable Order  for specific work or 
installations to be provided by Digital Realty , the applicable 
Customer Area , Building , Property,  Data Center, and Services are 
provided  or made available, as applicable,  on an AS -IS basis, 
Customer  acknowledges that  neither  Digital  Realty  nor any one 
acting on  Digital Realty s behalf has made any representations or 
warranties , and Digital Realty disclaims all implied  or other  
representations and warranties  not expressly provided  in this 
Agreement  to the extent permitted by applicable  law, including 
those pertaining to  merchantability , fitness for a particular 
purpose  or fitness  for Customer s purposes.    
(c) Access and Inspection .  Digital Realty  and its 
representatives may enter the Customer Area  to perform 
Services, inspect the Customer  Area  or make alterations, repairs, 
improvements or additions to the Customer Area , the Building or 
the Property  (i) at Customer s request , (ii) any time in case of an 
emergency, (iii) daily for routine inspections  by operations 
personnel , or (iv) otherwise at reasonable times upon at least 24 
hours prior notice to Customer .   
(d) SLA.  Digital Realty  will (i) provide electrical power 
to the Customer Area  sufficient to meet the Basic Capacity 
described in the Order , (ii) furnish ventilation and air conditioning 
to the Customer Area , and (iii) provide other products and 
services, all at a level sufficient to meet the service level 
agreement found at https://marketplaceportal.com/library  
(SLA), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement and 
Customers compliance with its obligations . Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary, the credits and express rights  and 
remedies  contained in the SLA shall be Customers sole and 
exclusive rights and remedy for Digital Rea ltys failure to meet the 
SLA.  
5.  Fees; Taxes and Other Charges; Security Deposit.  
(a) Recurring  Fees . Starting  on the applicable 
Com mencement Date, Customer  shall pay in advance on the first 
day of each calendar month during the applicable Term, the 
monthly recurring charges or fees (MRCs  or Base License 
Fees ) per the applicable Order.  If the Commencement Date is 
not on the first day of a calendar month, the  payment of the 
applicable MRCs  for that month will be pro -rated based on a daily rate calculated by dividing the  MRCs by  the total number of 
calendar days in that month. Unless otherwise expressed in an 
Order, during the Term, including any Extension Term, the MRCs 
shall increase annually from the prior years MRCs on or after 
each anniversary of the Commencement Date (the  Escalation 
Date ) by the greater of either (i) three  percent ( 3%) of the MRCs 
payable during the last full month prior to the Escalation Date, or 
(ii) the CPI Increase.  CPI Increase  shall mean the percentage 
increase over a 12 -month period (if any) calculated by comparing 
the CPI published three (3) months prior to the then -current 
Escalation Date and the CPI published 12 months prior to that 
date. Under no circumstances shall the increase exceed 5% 
annually. CPI shall mean the A ll Items portion of the Consumer 
Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI -U) published by the 
Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United States Department of 
Labor (as published on the website www.bls.gov/cpi ). For 
exam ple: if Customers Escalation Date is May 1, 2023, and the 
CPI posted in February 2023 is 21 2 and the CPI posted in 
February 2022 is 200, the CPI Increase would be 6% and the 
MRCs will, accordingly, be increased by 6% on the Escalation 
Date; if, however, C ustomers Escalation Date is May 1, 2023 and 
the CPI on February 2023 is 205 and the CPI on February 2022 
is 200, the CPI Increase would be 2.5% and the MRCs will, 
accordingly, be increased by 3% on the Escalation Date. In the 
event such CPI is discontinue d, Digital Realty shall reasonably 
select another index to be substituted for such discontinued index . 
(b) Other Fees.  Customer  shall pay in accordance with 
the applicable Order or invoice any non-recurring charges 
(NRC s), installation /de-installation  fees, and technical support 
fees. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Order or invoice, 
Customer  must pay fee s other than MRCs  (for example, charges 
for electricity usage if specified in the applicable Order)  within 30  
calendar days of the date of the invoice  or Digital Realty s request 
for payment .   
(c) Taxes . Customer  shall pay or reimburse to Digital 
Realty  any applicable  taxes and charges  levied by any 
government authority  on the Services received by Customer , 
including  excise, sales, use, privilege, value a dded tax, gross 
receipts  or margin  tax, goods /services tax, or possessory interest 
tax.  Customer must also promptly pay all taxes and charges 
relating to Customer Equipment located in or used in connection 
with the Customer Area  or Services . 
(d) Payments Generally . All fees and payments to 
Digital Realty  are due and payable (i ) unless otherwise agreed, in 
the local curr ency  of the place where the Building is located ; (ii) 
at the address specifi ed by Digital Realty  for payment; (iii) 
following receipt of an invoice from Digital Realty, whenever sent 
and in whatever manner sent, including via electronic delivery ; 
and (iv ) without withholding, deduction or setoff  of any kind . 
Except as otherwise provided in the Agreement, all Orders for 
space, pow er, cross -connect installation/de -installation, technical 
support, remote hands/smart hands (Remote Hands ) or any 
other Services shall be at such rates as are in effect at the time of 
the provision of such S ervice s. Any and all fees  or costs  
associated with the transfer or collection of funds (including any 
and all fees paid by Digital Realty to submit invoices or other 
materials through any invoicing or payment system designated by 
Customer and agreed upon by Digital Realty) shall be the 
responsibility of Customer.  If, following the execution date of an 
Order, Digital Realtys costs increase by more than 5% due to 
changes in electricity  or other utility  prices  or changes in law, then 
Digital Realty may proportionately increase the MRCs charge d to 
Customer under such Order following 30 days written notice.   
(e) Request for Review .  If Customer has a concern 
about any amounts invoiced , Customer must pay the invoiced 
amount by the due date and submit a written request for review 
within 60 calendar days after the invoice was provided or 
applicable payment was made , whichever is later .   
(f) Security D eposit .  Subject to review of Customers 
financials and/or if Customers required monthly payments are not 
received within 5 days after they are due for 2 consecutive 
months, Digital Realty may, in its sole but reasonable   discretion, 
GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   SEPTEMBER 2022  
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 request Customer to provide a security deposit, and Customer 
will, within 3 business days after receipt of written notice thereof, 
deposit with Digital Realty such sums as may be reasonably 
required by Digital Realty to provide Digital Realty with adequate 
assurance of Customers abili ty to satisfy its financial obligations 
under an applicable Country MSA and Order. Customer agrees 
that any security deposit provided may be applied against any 
Order and may be used as security for the performance of 
Customers obligations or liabilities under any such Order. The 
security deposit is not an advance payment of fees, and Digital 
Realty will hold the security deposit without any obligation to pay 
interest. Digital Realty may commingle the security deposit with 
other funds.   Digital Realty shal l have the right to transfer any 
security deposit to any Affiliate, assignee or other transferee of 
Digital Realty. Upon any such assignment or transfer of Digital 
Realtys interests, Digital Realty shall thereupon be discharged 
from any further liability with respect to such transferred security 
deposit. Within forty -five (45) days after Customers vacating the 
Data Center following the expiration or earlier termination of the 
Agreement, Digital Realty shall return the Security Deposit less 
any portion as Digital Realty may have used to satisfy Customers 
financial obligations under the Agreement.  
6. Confidentiality, Data, Ownership . 
(a) Confidentiality .  Confidential Information  
means ( i) the contents of this Agreement and any related 
documents  or pricing information;  and (ii) any techn ical, business 
or other information disclosed by one party , whether in graphic, 
electronic, written or oral form, including about current or possible 
future Services, that i s (x) marked as confidential; ( y) design ated 
within 10 calendar days of disclosure as confidential ; or (z) by its 
nature should reasonably be understood by both parties as 
confidential. A party receiving (the  Recipient ) Confidential 
Information  of the other party  must use the same degree of care 
that it exercises with respect to its own Confidential Information to 
keep it confidential during the term of this Agreement plus 3 years 
after the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Except as 
otherwise provided in this A greement, Confidential Information 
may only be (A) used for the purposes f or which it was provided; 
and ( B) disclo sed to employees or authorized representatives of 
Recipient who have a need to know, are under similar 
confidentiality  (or nondisclosure)  restrictions , and are prohibited 
from using or further disclosing the information for purposes not 
permitted under this Agreement .  The obligations under this 
section do not apply to information that (a) was rightfully obtained 
by Recipient without an obl igation to maintain its confidentiality; 
(b) is or becomes known to the public through no act or omission 
of the Recipient ; (c) the Recipient develops independent ly without 
using Confidential Information of the other party ; or (d) is 
advisable  to be disclosed under applicable securities laws or other 
similar laws .  Either party may disclose Confidential Information 
(1) in response to a valid court or governmental order, if, to the 
extent legally permissible, the Recipient gives the disclosing p arty 
prior written notice and reasonable assistance, if requested, so as 
to afford the disclosing party a reasonable opportunity to object  to 
the disclosure  at the disclosing partys cost and expense ; or (2) to 
an existing or potential investor, joint vent ure partner, acquiring 
company, purchaser, bank or other financial institution under 
appropriate confidentiality terms in connection with a merger, joint 
venture, acquisition, disposition, financing, or similar transaction.  
Notwithstanding anything in thi s Agreement to the contrary, the 
obligations under this Section 6(a) shall be binding upon each 
party even if no Order is effective.  
(b) Publicity  and Logos . Digital Realty  may issue a 
press re lease or other public statement or disclos ure, including on 
its website,  the fact that the  parties  have entered into an 
Agreement . Customer grants Digital Realty Group (defined 
below) the right, and an irrevocable license to use the logo(s) of 
Customer and Customer Affiliates (defined below) in connection 
with and as part of marketing, investor relations and securities 
disclosure activities; provided, however, that no such use shall 
intentionally  be disparaging to Customer, nor confusing with 
respect to the relationship between Customer and Di gital Realty, nor imply endorsement of any product or service provided by the 
Digital Realty Group.  
7. Surrendering  the Customer Area . 
(a) No later than the termination or expiration of an 
applicable  Term  for a particular Order or Customer Area , 
Customer  must  (i) surrender possession of the Customer Area  to 
Digital Realty  in good order and clean condition, reasonable wear 
and te ar excepted, (ii) remove all Customer  Equipment , other 
personal property , and fixtures installed by Customer  from the 
Customer Area  and the Building , (iii) restore the Customer Area 
to the condition it was in as of the Commencement Date, and (iv) 
repair (or reimburse Digital Realty s reasonable costs to repair) 
damage caused by Customer or Customer Authorized Parties . 
(b) If Customer  does not surrender the Customer  Area 
by the end of the applicable Term, Customer  shall pay 150% of 
the MRCs  payable during the last month of the Term for each 
month, or part thereof, beyond the end of the applicable Term , 
and all other fees attributable to the Customer Area  and Services 
until Customer  complies with Sections 7(a)(i) and (ii) .  During any 
holdover period , Customer will  be require d to surrender  the 
Customer Area  at any time  following notice from Digital Realty . 
(c) If Customer  does not remove the Customer  
Equipment within 5 calendar days after the end of the applicable 
Term , to the extent permitted by law, Digital Realty  may treat the 
Customer E quipment as abandoned and (i) charge  Customer  for 
the removal and  storage costs  of the Customer Equipment , and/or 
(ii) dispose of the Customer Equipment  in accordance with 
applicable laws  and recover from the proceeds of such disposal 
any fees or costs owed by Customer , including  any fees or costs 
relating to the storage, removal, and disposition of the Customer 
Equipment , MRCs , or NRCs .  The rights of Digital Realty as set 
forth in this Section 7(c) do not impose an obligation on Digital 
Realty to remove the Customer Equipment from the Data Center . 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Digital Realty exercises any of its 
rights under this Section 7(c) by removing Customer Equipment 
from the Customer Area, Digital Realty shall thereafter not require 
Customer to pay the holdover MRCs set fort h in Section (7b).  
8.  Events of Default, Late Charges.  
(a) Customer  Default . If Customer fails to perform any 
of its payment obligations under the Agreement and such failure 
has not been cured within 5 days following delivery of a written 
notice of breach, Digi tal Realty has the right (without limiting any 
other remedies hereunder) to immediately terminate, to restrict 
Customers access to, or Customers right to remove Customer 
Equipment from, the Customer Area (s), or to suspend provision 
of power to the Custom er Area (s).  If Customer fails to perform 
any other Customer obligation under th is Agreement which has 
not been cured within 30 days of receiving a written notice of 
breach, Digital Realty has the right to exercise the remedies 
above ; provided that, in the  event any action or non -action by 
Customer threatens or causes harm to any portion of the Building, 
the Customer Area or any other customer or user of the Building  
or Services , Digital Realty may immediately exercise such 
remedies  and take immediate actio n to repair any damage or 
harm at Customers expense. Upon any termination under this 
Section 8(a), (i) Digital Realty is entitled to recover from Customer 
all damages Digital Realty may suffer by reason of such 
termination,  all arrearages in MRCs and NRCs and other costs, 
charges, assessments, and reimbursements, and all costs 
(includi ng court costs and attorneys fees) to exercise its remedies 
and recover amounts due hereunder, and (ii) Digital Realty may 
declare due and payable immediately the aggregate MRCs and 
other charges and assessments that would otherwise become 
due and payable  during the remainder of the Term (Customer and 
Digital Realty agreeing that Digital Realtys actual damages in 
such event are impossible to ascertain and the amount set forth 
above is a reasonable estimate thereof).  In addition, Digital Realty  
may al so seek payment of a late fee at the lesser of 10% or the  
maximum rate permitted in the jurisdiction where the Customer 
Area is located or the Services  are provided , for any payment not 
received when due . Customer shall not be permitted to remove 
GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   SEPTEMBER 2022  
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 any Custo mer Equipment from the Customer Area at a time when 
Customer is delinquent in meeting its payment obligations or is in 
breach of any other material term of the Agreement . 
(b) Digital Realty  Default . If Digital Realty fails to 
perform any material obligation under this Agreement which has 
not been cured within 30 calendar days of receiving a  written 
notice of breach (provided that if the breach is of a nature that 
reasonably takes more than 30 days to cure, the time period to 
cure shall be extended to the peri od reasonably required to effect 
such cure so long as Digital Realty has begun to cure within such 
30 day period and diligently pursues such cure), then Customer 
may immediately terminate this Agreement by providing written 
notice and vacating and surrende ring the Customer Area within 
30 days after Digital Realtys failure to timely cure .  For the 
avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Section 8( b) shall not 
apply to a n SLA Ex ception  as the Customers rights in the event 
of a chronic SLA Exception a re set forth in the SLA.  
9. Changed or Unexpected Circumstances . 
(a) Relocation . Digital Realty  may relocate the 
Customer Area  to a comparable area upon not less than 60 
calendar  days  advance notice and will work with Customer  to 
minimize any potential disruption.  Digital Realty  will also 
reimburse Customer  for all reasonable and documented out-of-
pocket expenses paid by Customer  for such  relocation.  Following 
any such relocation, all references to  Customer Area  will mean 
the new area to which Customer  has been relocated.    
(b) Casualty and Condemnation . If there is material 
damage to, destruction of or condemnation of the Bui lding , the 
Data Center  or the Customer Area  preventing the use thereof or 
the provision of the Services , (i) SLA credits  and remedies  will not 
apply ; (ii) Customers obligation to pay for the Services  not 
provided  shall abate as of the date of the occurrence of such 
material damage, destruction of or condemnation of the Building , 
Data Center or Cust omer Area ; (iii) Digital Realty  may, in  its 
discretion, terminate the impacted Order  (or Services)  upon 
notice to Customer , thereby terminating all further obligations 
between the parties with respect to the impacted Order (or 
Services), provided that any obligations that accrued prior to the 
date of termination shall remain in force ; and (iv) Customer  may 
terminate the impacted Order within 10 calendar days after receipt 
of notice from Digital Realty  that the estimated amount of time to 
restor e would be gr eater than 60  calendar days.  If the impacted 
Order is not terminated, the MRCs  will be red uced proportionately 
during the  restoration period to the extent that the Customer Area  
is unfit for use by Customer  in the ordinary course . 
(c) Force Majeure.  Except for monetary obligations 
owed by either party to the other, neither party shall be 
responsible for the failure to act in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement if such failure is due to causes beyond the partys 
reasonable control (financial inability  excluded), including, but not 
limited to, global pandemics (such as COVID19, SARS, etc.) 
earthquake, flood, acts of God, war, or terrorist attacks, a declared 
national emergency, and whether such event is physical or 
electronic, whether foreseen or unfore seen.  
10. Status as a Real Estate Investment Trust.   Without 
limiting any other rights it may have, Digital Realty  may assign 
part or all of its interest and obligations in and under this 
Agreement to a n Affiliate of  Digital Realty as necessary or 
advisable in  connection with its status or the status of any Affiliate 
of Digital Realty as a real estate investment trust within the 
meaning of Section 856 of the United States Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended . If Digital Realty  determines that  any 
fee or other amount (in addition to or included in the MRCs ) is 
paid for Services  that are  assigned to and provided by or on behalf 
of an Affiliate of  Digital Realty , then Digital Realty  may receive and 
pay over those amounts to such Affiliate as agen t of such  Affiliate.   
11. Insurance; Waiver of Subrogation.  
(a) Insurance . Commencing as of the earlier of (i)  the 
commencement of  the Term , or (ii ) the date Customer first places any Equipment or personal property in the Building , and 
continuing throughout the Term thereafter , Digital Realty and 
Customer will each maintain, and Customer will cause its 
contractors and others having access to the Customer Area to 
maintain , the following minimum levels of insurance:  
Liability Insurance – 
Combination of Commercial 
General Liability (CGL) 
insurance and Umbrella or 
Excess insurance (or local 
equivalent ) $3,000,000 USD per 
occurrence or equivalent 
sum in local currency  
Statutory Workers 
Compensation and 
Employers Liability insurance 
or local equivalent , to the 
extent  required by applicable 
law. $1,000 ,000 USD per 
accident or equivalent sum 
in local currency  
Property insurance on a 
Special Causes of Loss 
(formerly known as all-risk) 
form insuring in full 
replacement value their 
respective equipment and 
property inc luding all leased 
equipment  Full replacement value basis  
(b) Certificates of Insurance . Prior to storing or 
installing any Equipment in, or otherwise accessing, the Building 
or Customer Area, Customer must provide Digital Realty with 
certificates of insurance , with copies of all applicable 
endorsements attached,  confirming the insurance required above 
and adding Digital Realty Trust, L.P. and its subsidiaries or  any 
other parties  designated by Digital Realty as an additional insured 
under its required policies  of insurance.  Customer must notify 
Digital Realty at least 10  calendar days prior to cancellation or 
reduction of any insurance required.  All insurance required herein 
shall be issued by insurers having a rating by AM Best of at least 
A-, VIII. Customer s CGL policy shall be primary to and 
noncontributory with any insurance carried by Digital Realty.  
(c) Waiver.  To the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable laws,  and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement 
to the contrary:  (i) Digital Realty  waive s, and wi ll cause its insurer 
to waive  against Customer , and (ii) Customer waives, and will 
cause its customers, contractors and sub -licensees  having 
access to the Customer Area or Services and their insurers to 
waive  (and deliver to Digital Realty written instrume nts waiving) 
against Digital Realty Group  and Owners Indemnitees,  all rights  
of recovery (by way of  subrogation  or otherwise), for claims that 
are or would have been  customarily covered by insurance . 
Owners Indemnitees  shall mean Owner (and in the event of 
an attornment to Owners designee, Owners designee), th e 
shareholders, members, or partners comprising Owner ( or such 
designee) and its and their partners, members, shareholders, 
officers, directors, employees, servants, agents (including, 
without limitation, any leasing and managing agents) , contractors, 
the lessor under any superior lease and the holder of any 
mortgage affecting the Building and/or the land upon which it 
stands.  
12. Indemnity . 
(a) Customer  will defend , indemnify  and hold harmless  
Digital Realty , its Affiliates,  and their respective  directors, officers, 
employees, members, managers, agents, partners and lenders 
(collectively, the  Digital Realty  Group ) and Owners 
Indemnitees , from and against any and a ll third party claims for 
loss, cost, damage, expense or liability (including reasonable 
court costs and  attorneys' fees) (collectively,  Claims ) to the 
extent arising from or relating to (i) the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of Customer  or its employees, customers, sub-
licensee s, contractors, visitors, agents, representatives or others 
acting on Customer s behalf (collectively  Customer  Group ); (ii) 
use of the Customer Area  or Services ; and (iii) any person or 
GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   SEPTEMBER 2022  
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 entity, other than any broker listed in an Order, claiming 
commission or other compensation in connection with this 
Agreement . 
(b) Digital Realty  will defend , indemnify  and hold  
harmless  Customer  and its directors , officers and Affiliates, from 
and against all third-party  Claims caused by Digital Realtys  gross 
negligence or willful misconduct with respect to  its provision of  the 
Customer Area  or Services.  
13. Liability .  To the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable laws, and  however caused, on any theory of liability, 
whether in an action in contract, strict liability, tort or otherwise, 
and whether or not the party has been advised of the possibility 
of such damage:  
(a) Waiver .  Neither party will be liable for any indirect, 
special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages , or 
penalties,  including but not limited to  lost revenues  (other than 
Customers payment obligations under this Agreement)  or profits , 
lost or impaired goodwill,  lost or impaired data, losses  or 
damages resulting from failed or disrupted connectivity  or 
communications, losses caused by other cust omers , occupants  
or tenants  of any  Building, cost of purchasing replacement 
services  or space , or loss of business opportunity, arising out of 
or relating to this Agreement or any Customer Area  or Services . 
(b) Limitations on Liability . The obligations under or 
relating to this Agreement do not constitute personal obligations 
of, or give rise to recourse or liability against,  the individual 
partners, employees, officers, directors, investors, shareholders, 
managers or members of that entity  or any affiliated group 
companies . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, (i) Digital Realtys m aximum aggregate liability for any 
and all claims arising out of the provision of Remote Hands 
Services shall not exceed the total fees actually paid by Customer 
for the specific provision of Remote Hands Service giving rise to 
the claim, (ii) Digital Real tys maximum aggregate liability for all 
claims  not subject to clause (i) above shall not exceed 6 months 
of the ave rage monthly MRC s paid to it by Customer  under the 
applicable Order  giving rise to the claim (s), and (iii) for all claims 
not subject to clauses (i) or (ii) above or not relating to an Order, 
Digital Realtys maximum aggregate liability will not exceed 6 
months of the average monthly MRCs paid to it by Customer .  
14. General Provisions . 
(a) Compliance with Law. Digital Realty  and Customer  
will comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations , 
including , but not limited to  the U.S. F oreign Corrupt Practices 
Act, export control, and all applicable privacy laws . Customer 
represents and warrants that Customer is duly formed and 
qualified to do business in the jurisdiction in which the Building is 
located.  
(b) Notices .  All legal notices  relating  to this Agreement  
must be sent in writing to the addresses listed in the  applicable 
Country MSA via means eviden ced by a delivery receipt or 
acknowledgment and will be effective upon receipt.  
(c) Successors . This Agreement will inure to the benefit 
of and be binding o n the parties, and their successors and 
assigns. Customer may not assign, sublicense or otherwise 
transfer this Agreement  (or a Country MSA , an Order , or any right 
to a Customer Area or  the Services thereunder ), in whole or in 
part (each, a  Transfer ), without the express prior written 
consent of Digital Realty  (which may be granted, denied, or 
condit ioned as determined by Digital Realty  in its sole discretion) , 
and any attempted Transfer in bre ach of this Section will be void . 
If Digital Realty consents to a sublicense of all or any portion of 
the Services  to a third party (each such third party, a 
Sublicensee ), (i) Customer shall remain liable for the acts, 
omissions or conduct of any Sublicensee ; (ii) Customer shall not 
permit any additional Transfers by Sublicensee without the 
express prior written consent of Digital Realty (which may be 
granted,  denied, or conditioned as determined by Digital Realty in 
its sole discretion) ; and (iii) the Transfer agreement shall 
incorporate all of the terms and conditions (other than commercial terms) contained in, and shall not otherwise be inc onsistent with, 
this Agreement, and shall contain a provision for Digital Realty to 
enforce against Sublicensee  directly any of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement . 
(d) Entire Agreement; Amendments, Severability . 
This Agreement contain s the entire agreement of the parties with 
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement , and supersede s 
all previous or contemporaneous communications, 
representations,  warranties  proposals, commitments, 
understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, between 
the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement . An 
Agreement may only be amended in writing signed by authorized 
representatives of Customer and Digital Realty ; Customer and 
Digital Realty hereby agree to be bound by any amendment 
signed by Customer and Digital Realty Holdings US , LLC, and  an 
amendment  to the Global Terms and Conditions will apply to all 
Order (s) and Country MSA (s), whether executed before or aft er 
such amendment, unless otherwise provided . If any provision of 
this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the  
subject  provision will be enforced to the maximum extent 
permissible to give effect to the intent of the parties, and the 
remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and 
effect.   Including  means including without limitation  whether or 
not capitalized .  
(e) Order of Precedence . If there is a conflict in terms, 
the terms of documents will control in the following order of 
precedence ( i) Order; (ii) Country MSA ; and , lastly, (iii) these 
Global  Terms and Conditions . If a Country MSA modifies the se 
Global Terms and Conditions, such modification will only apply to 
Orders for that country; similarly,  if an Order modifies a term, that 
modification will only apply to that Order.     
(f) Cumulative Remedy; Waiver .  Digital Realty s rights 
and remedies are cumulative, unless otherwise stated, and a 
waiver of a breach of , or failure or delay to enforce,  any provision 
of this Agreement does not constitute a waive r of any other 
provision or any subsequent breach.   
(g) Independent Contractor s. The relationship 
between the parties, and between any Digital Realty  Group 
member and Customer  to an Order, is solely that of independent 
contractors, and nothing in th e Agreement creates or implies  any 
agency, partnership, joint venture, employment, or  other legal 
relationship.  Neither party , nor any Digital Realty  Group member  
or Customer  Group member , may  represent itself as an agent, 
partner, or joint v enture of the other or  incur any obligation or 
liability on behalf of the other.  
(h) No Third -Party  Rights . No one except the parties 
to an Order have  any rights or obligations under that Order.  The 
Digital Realty  entity  that enters into an Order with Customer for 
Services will be solely responsible for provid ing the Services in 
accordance with the Agreement, and no other Digital Realty 
Group member  will be jointly , severally , or otherwise  liable  in 
connection with that Order . As used in this Agreement,  Affiliate  
shall mean an entity which (i) controls, is controlled by, or is under 
common control with a party, where control is defined as the right 
to exercise, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the voting rights 
attributable to the controlled entity or the power to elect a majority 
of the controlled entitys board of directors, or (ii) is parti ally-
owned by a party and the affairs of which are managed by such 
party in accordance with its charter or other agreement governing 
the management and operation of such entity.  
(i) Legal Fee s. If either party commences an y legal 
action or arbitration against the other party arising out of or 
concerning this Agreement, the prevailing party in such litigation 
or arbitration shall be entitled to reasonable legal fees and costs 
in addition to such relief as may be awarded.  
(j) Liens.   Customer  must  keep the Building, Data 
Center and Customer Area  free from any liens and pay, when 
due, all claims for labor or materials furnished or alleged to have 
been furnished to or for Customer  at or for use in the Customer 
Area . Customer  must also promptly pay all taxes and charges 
GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   SEPTEMBER 2022  
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 relating to Customer  Equipment located in or used in connection 
with the Customer Area . 
(k) Survival.  Sections  5 (Fees; Taxes and Other 
Charges; Security Deposit ), 6 (Confidentiality , Data, Ownership), 
7 (Vacating the Customer Area ), 8 (Events of Default), 112 
(Indemnity), 13 (Liability), and 14 (General Provisions) will survive 
the expiration or termination of th is Agreement.  
(l) Subordination; Estoppel Certificates .  Within 10 
calendar days after receipt of a  written request from Digital Realty  
or a lender in connection with a ground lease, mortgage, deed of 
trust or other hypothecation or security device  (any of the 
foregoing a  Security Device ), sale, financing or refinancing of a 
Building  (or any part thereof) , Customer  will (A) execute and 
deliver to Digital Realty  documents reasonably required to confirm 
this subordination  and an estoppel certificate in the form 
requested by Digital Realty  or its lender; and ( B) provide any 
additional i nformation, confirmation or statements reasonably 
requested by Digital Realty . If the holder of a Security Device or 
someone else succeeds to th e rights of Digital Realty , then  
Customer  must  attorn and recognize the holder of the Security 
Device in lieu of Digital Realty  under the applicable Order for the 
remainder of the Term. All rights of Customer and Customers use 
and occupancy relating to the Building are and shall be and 
remain unconditionally subject and subordinate in all respects to 
all security interests on the Building  (or any part thereof) , to the 
lease for the Building (or any part thereof)  (if any) , as amended , 
and any ground lease  of the Building, if any.  The Agreement, as 
it pertains to the Data Center in the Building, shall, if applicable, 
terminate automatically upon the expiration or earlier termination 
of the lease between Digital Realty and the Owner of the Building . 
This Sec tion 14( m) shall be self -operative and no further 
instrument of subordination required. Owner is deemed a third-
party  beneficiary of Customers obligations and covenants under 
Sections 11, 12, 14(c) and 14( k).    
(m) Counterparts; Delivery . These Global  Terms and 
Conditions  (as well as any Country MSA or Order)  may be 
executed electronically or simultaneously in 2 or more 
counterparts  each of which will  be deemed an original, but all of 
which will  constitute one document.  Digital Realty  and Customer  
agree that the delivery of an executed copy  of a document  by e-
mail or other similar electronic means  or acknowledgement via 
Digitals ordering platform  is legal and binding with the same force 
and effect as an original.   
(n) Financial Statements . Customer  will provide 
financial statements or other information as reasonably requested 
by Digital Realty .   
(o) Sustainability Practices : To enable energy and 
water conservation:   
(i) Usage Measurement .  Digital Realty  may, at 
its own cost, install separate metering (whether direct meter, 
submitter  or check meter) for a Customer Area  for electricity, 
water, gas, steam or other utility usage.   (ii) Utility Data Sharing .  If Digital Realty  
requests information  about Customer s energy or water usage  
and charges  that are available to Customer  but not to Digital 
Realty , Customer  will provide the requested information within 14 
days of receiving Digital Realty s written request.  
(iii) Third Party Accreditation and Standards .  
Customer  will reasonably cooperate with Digital Realty s efforts to 
seek third party sustainability accreditation, including providing 
relevant information within 14 calendar days of receiving Digital 
Realty s written request.  
(iv) Compliance with Digital Realty  
Sustainability Practices . Customer  will use commercially  
reasonable  efforts to minimize its  use of electrici ty, air 
conditioning,  water, and heating to help  meet applicable Building -
wide energy or water usage reduction  goals. Alterations  
performed  by or on behalf  of Customer  will comply with applicable 
Digital Realty  sustainability practices,  including any agreed upon  
third-party rating  system  concerning  the environmental 
compliance  of the Proper ty, the Building  or the Customer Area . 
(v) Alternate Energy Sources . Digital Realty  
may acquire  any part of  the electrical  power for the Customer 
Area  from sources with reduced greenhouse emissions or 
undertake other practices, such as acquiring renewable 
energy certificates,  carbon offsets  or other  environmental  
sustainability credits (collectively  Alternative Energy Costs ).  If 
Customers utility costs are billed separately from MRC s or are 
not otherwise included in the MRCs , Customer  will pay or 
reimburse its pro -rated portion of the applicable and reasonably 
documented Alternative Energy Costs incurred by Digital Realty . 
(vi) Permitted Sustainability Expenses . Digital 
Realty  may make capital expenditures to improve energy and 
water conser vation or reduce greenhouse emissions, including 
upgrading equipment ( Sustainability Capital Expenses ).  If 
Customers utility costs are billed separately from MRCs  or are 
not otherwise included in the MRCs , and Digital Realty  is 
reasonably able to verify  that the Sustainability Capital Expenses 
have low ered Customer s utility costs, Customer  will reimburse its 
pro-rated portion of the amortized Sustainability Capital Expenses 
monthly a long with the MRCs , based on Digital Realt ys good faith 
estimate of Customer s utility savings, subject to adjustment after 
the end of each calendar year based on Customer s actual utility 
cost reductions.   For the avoidance of doubt (and, if applicable 
based on whether Customer separately reimburses Digital Realty 
for utility costs as reflected in a fully executed Order), in no event 
shall Customers pro rata portion of the amortized Sustainability 
Capital  Expenses exceed the amount of Customers actual utility 
cost reductions as a result of Digital Realty implementing the 
Sustainability Capital Expenses (with both sides acting 
reasonably to verify and/or approximate Customers utility costs 
savings in circ umstances where there is a debate as to whether 
Customers pro rata portion of the amortized Sustainability Capital 
Expenses are higher or lower than Customers utility cost 
savings).    
[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PA GE] 
GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS   SEPTEMBER 2022  
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
 The individuals  and/or entities  signing th ese Global Terms and Conditions  are executing and are authorized to execute  these Global Terms 
and Conditions on behalf of the Customer and Digital Realty parties identified below or otherwise identified in Orders, respectively, and are 
doing so solely to  acknowledg e the terms hereof as incorporated into each Country MSA  and Order . Each party represents and warrants as 
to itself that each  Agreement is executed and approved by representatives authorized to bin d such party  to such Agreement.  
For Digital Realty   
Customer :  Hi-Link Technology  Group, LLC  
By: _____________________________________  
Name: _ _________________________________  
Date: ___________________________________  
By: _ ___________________________________  
Name: _ _________________________________  
Vasim Limbadiya