Proprietary and Confidential   Master Service Agreement 
This Master Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on the date of the last signature below (Effective Date) by and between 
NITEL INC.  (NITEL) and Concentra Health Services, Inc., a Nevada Corpor ation, having an address of 5080 Spectrum Drive, 1200W, 
Addison, TX, 75001, f or the benefit of itself  and its subsidiar ies, affiliates, joint ventures , partnerships, managed and cont racted entities 
(hereinafter referred to collect ively as the Customer).  This  Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions applicab le to 
Customers purchase of communi cations services (Service(s)) f rom NITEL.  This Agreement consists of the general terms and 
conditions stated herein; the N ITEL Service Guide located at http://serviceguid e.nitelusa.com  (Service Guide); the Service Level 
Agreements located at http://www.nitelusa.com/sla.htm  (collectively referred to as t he SLA); and the NITEL Accepta ble Use Policy 
located at http://www.nitelusa.com/aup.htm  (AUP).  NITEL reserves the right to modify the Service Guide , the SLA, and the AUP at 
any time.  In such an event, NITEL will provide a thirty (30) d ay email notice of any changes to Customers email address on r ecord.  If 
there is a conflict, the order of priority shall be the Service  Order, the General Terms and Cond itions, the Service Guide, an d then the 
SLA.  
GENERAL TERM AND CONDITIONS 
1.  Service Orders & Term.   Customer must submit requests for Service in a manner and on a form designated by NITEL (Service 
Order).  Each Service Order will state the term for which Serv ice is requested (the Initial Service Term) and the pricing f or the 
Service.  Upon expiration of the Initial Service Term, the Serv ice will renew for a period equal to the Initial Service Term ( Renewal 
Term) unless terminated by Customer or NITEL.  In order to ter minate the Service, prior to r enewal, Customer must provide Nit el with 
written notice forty-five (45) days prior to the Initial Servic e Term (or any subsequent Renewal Term).  The Initial Service T erm and any 
Renewal Term are collectively referred to herein as Term.  If Customer wishes to terminate (disconnect) a Service for any reason, 
Customer is required to follow the disconnection process set fo rth in the Service Guide.  After the Initial Service Term, NITE L may 
modify the rate for a Service upon thirty (30) days prior writt en notice to Customer.       
2.  Service Installation and Acceptance.    
a. Nitel will issue Firm Order Commitment (the FOC) date for a Service to the Customer.  Custo mer acknowledges that FOC date s 
can change from time to time for various reasons.  If Nitel cha nges the FOC date, NITEL will pr ovide Customer with the updated  FOC 
date.  NITELs inability or failure to deliver any ordered Serv ice by the FOC Date will not be a default under the Agreement, and NITEL 
will not be liable to Customer as a result of NITELs inability  or failure to deliver the Service.  If Nitel fails to deliver the Service within 
thirty (30) days after the FOC,  Customer may terminate the affe cted Service without liability. 
b. NITEL will attempt to provide Service by the requested insta llation date, but will not be liable for any delays in Service delivery.  The 
Start of Service Date refers t o the date that the Service is available for use by Customer, subject to the following Service  acceptance 
process. After NITEL notifies Cust omer that a Service is availa ble, Customer may test the Service to determine if the Service is 
operating in accordance with the technical specifications set f orth in the applicable SLA.  If Customer provides NITEL with wr itten notice 
that a Service is in material no n-compliance with the applicabl e SLA within two (2) business days after NITEL notifies Custome r that the 
Service is available, then NITEL will promptly take such reason able action as is necessary to correct any such non-compliance in the 
Service and shall, upon correcti on, notify Customer of a new St art of Service Date.  Any non-c ompliance notice must contain 
information describing the nature of the material non-complianc e with the technical specificat ions for the Service(s) in quest ion. If 
Customer does not deliver such a non-compliance notice within t he two (2) business day period, Customer shall be deemed to hav e 
accepted the Service, and billi ng will commence on the original  Start of Ser vice Date.     
3. Service Cancellation. If a Service is cancelled prior to the Start of Service Date, C ustomer will pay to NITEL a charge equal to any 
charges incurred by NITEL from t he underlying service providers , in addition to any c ancellation charges listed in the Service  Guide.   
4.  Service Disconnection. In order to disconnect a Service,  Customer must complete the NI TEL Customer Disconnect Request Form 
located at www.nitelusa.com/disconnects .  Such termination is effective forty-five (45) days after NIT ELs receipt of t he notice, unless 
otherwise agreed upon by Nitel and Customer.  
5.  Credit Review & Deposits .  Provision of Services is subject to NITELs credit approval of Customer. Based on the credit check, 
NITEL may, in its sole discretion, require that Customer provid e a deposit as a condition of purchasing Services.  Additionall y, during 
the Term, if Customer fails to ma ke timely payment for Services , NITEL may require adequate assurance of future payment (e.g.,  a 
deposit or other acceptable form of security) as a condition of  continuing NITELs Services. Customers failure to provide ade quate 
assurances required by NITEL is a material breach of the Agreem ent.. 
6.  Invoices and Disputes .  Customer must pay all applicable Monthly Recurring Charges ( MRCs) and Non-recurring Charges (NRCs) 
set forth in the applicable Service Order or pricing attachment .  Invoices are delivered monthl y and payment is due 30 days af ter the 
invoice date (the Due Date).  Fixed charges are billed in adv ance and usage-based charges are billed in arrears.  Billing fo r partial 
months is prorated.  Past due am ounts bear interest at 1.5% per  month or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is less ( Late Fee).  
Customer is responsible for all Se rvice charges, even if incurr ed as the result of unauthorized us e.  If Customer reasonably d isputes an 
invoice, Customer must pay the undisputed amount by the Due Dat e and submit written notice of t he disputed amount (detailing t he 
nature of the dispute, the Servic es and invoice(s) disputed).  Customer must submit disputes in writing within sixty (60) days  of the date 
of the invoice or the right to d ispute is waived.  If a dispute  is resolved aga inst Customer, Customer will pay the disputed a mounts within 
ten (10) business days.  Customer will be liable to NITEL for a ll costs and expenses incurred in collecting amounts due to NIT EL, 
including reasonable legal fees.   
 Proprietary and Confidential   7.  Taxes and Fees .  Except for taxes based on NI TEL's net income, Customer will be responsible for all taxes and fees arising in any 
jurisdiction, including but in no way limited to value added, c onsumption, sales, use, gross receipts, foreign withholding (wh ich will be 
grossed up), excise, access, bypass, franchise or other taxes, fees, duties, charges or surcharge s (including regulatory and 9 11 
surcharges) imposed on or incident to the provision, sale or us e of Service  (collectively, Taxes and Fees) .  Such charges will include 
the following http://www.nitelusa .com/pages/csr.php .   The Monthly Recurring Charge (MRC)  for Services is exclusive of Taxes and 
Fees.  Customer may present NITEL with a valid exemption certif icate and NITEL will give effect to any valid exemption prospec tively 
(not retroactively) following NITELs receipt of the certificat e. 
8.  Regulatory Activity. To the extent permitted by applicable law, in the event of any change to any law, rule, regulation or other 
regulatory activity (Regulatory Activity) that affects the Se rvices provided hereunder, NITEL may at any time upon written n otice: (i) 
pass through to Customer all, or a portion of, any charges or s urcharges directly or indirectly r elated to such Regulatory Act ivity; or (ii) 
modify the rates, and/or other t erms and conditions contained i n this Agreement to reflect the impact of such Regulatory Activ ity.  
9.  Use of Service.   Customer may use Services for any lawful purpose consistent w ith NITELs then current acceptable use and 
privacy policies available at http://www.nitelusa.com/aup.htm .  Customer will not resell or bundle the Services, nor permit any third party 
access to the Services in exchan ge for compensation of any kind . 
10.  Service Interruptions.   In the event of an interruption of Service, NITEL will use re asonable efforts to resto re Service promptly. 
Whenever an interruption occurs, NITEL shall have no liability or obligation unless and until Cu stomer has notified NITEL or u nless 
NITEL network personnel have act ual knowledge of such condition .  In the event of an interruption of Service, NITELs liabilit y shall be 
limited to its obligation to iss ue service credits as described  in Section 11 of this Agreemen t. The duration of any interrupt ion will be 
calculated from the time the report of the interruption is made  to NITEL. In the event of any i nterruption, Customer shall, im mediately 
grant NITELs employees, agents,  and/or contractors access to C ustomer's premises and all pertinent equipment therein and full y 
assist and cooperate with NITEL i n remedying the interruption.  
11.  Service Level Agreements.  Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and additional terms for Serv ices are listed at 
http://www.nitelu sa.com/sla.htm  and are incorporated herein by reference to the extent Custome r orders those Services.  NITEL 
reserves the right to modify the SLAs and additional terms from  time to time effective upon notice to Customer set forth in a NITEL 
invoice to Customer.  The SLAs set forth Customers exclusive s ole remedies for any claim relating to a Service including any failure to 
meet any objectives set forth in the SLA.  NITELs records and data shall be the basis for all SLA calculations and determinat ions.  The 
maximum amount of credit in any calendar month under an SLA sha ll not exceed the monthly recurring charge, which, absent the 
credit, would have been charged by  NITEL for the affected Servi ce in that month. 
12.  Termination.   Upon Customer's (i) failure to perform  any non-monetary prov ision of this Agreement or any Service Order 
hereunder that is not corrected by Customer within thirty (30) days after having received notice from NITEL; (ii) failure to m eet any of its 
payment obligations (including failure to pay a required deposi t) that is not corrected in full by Customer within five (5) da ys after receipt 
of written notice from NITEL; or (iii) becoming the subject of a bankruptcy, liquidation or ot her insolvency proceeding or upo n 
commencement of any other action against Customer with respect to creditors in the nature of bankruptcy,  insolvency or liquid ation, 
NITEL may, at its option, terminate this Agreement and all unde rlying Services, suspend all or any Service, and/or require a d eposit, 
advanced payment, or other satisfa ctory assurances as a conditi on of continuing to provide Services.   NITEL may also pursue a ll other 
rights and remedies available to it under this Agreement, at la w or in equity, including but not limited to payment of early t ermination 
charges.   
13.  Termination Liability.   If NITEL terminates this Agreement or any Service(s) due to C ustomer's default, or if Customer terminates 
this Agreement or any Service(s) prior to the expiration of suc h Service's specified Term, Customer will pay to NITEL an early  
termination charge equal to (i)  all recurring and non-recurrin g charges specified in the applic able Service Order Form(s) for  the balance 
of each Service's specified Term,  plus; (ii) any charges levied  by the underlying service provider in connection with the term ination that 
NITEL does not recover under clause (i) of this Section 13. Cus tomer shall also be liable to NITEL for all non-recurring and r ecurring 
charges that were waived or di scounted by NITEL.  Customer agre es that these terms provide a reasonable approximation of NITEL s 
damages and are not a penalty.  I n the event that Customer has signed a Minimum Monthly Commitm ent (MMRC) Addendum to this 
Agreement, Customer wi ll remain liabl e to pay NITEL the entiret y of the MMRC for the agreed upon term of such Addendum.  
14.  Indemnification and Limitations on Liability.   
a. Customer and NITEL shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless  the other from and against any loss, debt, liability, damage, 
obligation, claim, demand, judgmen t or settlement of any nature  or kind, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, of any third 
party, including without limitation all reasonable costs and ex penses, such as reasonable litigation costs and attorneys fees  (Claim), 
relating to damage to tangible property or bodily injury, or wr ongful death, to the extent such Claim arises out of the neglig ence or willful 
misconduct of the respective indemnifying party, its employees,  agents, or contractors in connection with this Agreement or th e 
provision of Services hereunder. 
b.  Customer will indemnify, defend and hold NITEL, its affilia tes and each of its respective owners, directors, officers, emp loyees and 
agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, ex penses, losses, demands, actions, causes of action, judgments, fees 
and costs, of any kind or nature whatsoever (Claims), to the ex tent such Claim (i) is brought b y a downstream customer of Cust omer or 
an end user and arises out of an alleged defect in or failure o f Service; or (ii) arises out of or relates to the content tran smitted over 
NITELs network, whether sent by Customer or any third party, i ncluding without limitation, Claims relating to any violation o f copyright 
law, export control laws, or tha t such transmissions are libelo us, slanderous, or an invasi on of privacy o r illegal. 
 Proprietary and Confidential   c.   The indemnified party shall prom ptly notify the indemnifying pa rty in writing of any claims which are subject to the terms of this 
section.  The indemnified party shall have the right at its own  expense to appoint its own counsel who shall be entitled to pa rticipate in 
any settlement negotiations or litigation regarding any matter for which it is entitled to be indemnified hereunder.  The inde mnifying 
party shall not agree to any settl ement or consent to any decre e, order or judgment without obt aining the consent of the indem nified 
party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.   
d. IN  NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTYS LIA BILITY HEREUNDER TO THE OTHER  P A R T Y  E X C E E D  T H E  A M O U N T  O F  
SERVICE CHARGES PAID BY THE CUSTOMER DURING THE TWELVE (12) MON TH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE ACCRUAL OF THE 
MOST RECENT CLAIM.   IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOE VER FOR LOST 
PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED S AVINGS, LOSS OF DATA, THE COST OF 
PURCHASING REPLACEMENT SERVICES, OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, S PECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE PERFORMANCE OR FAILURE TO P ERFORM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
ORDER.   NITEL WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM AGAINST CUSTOMER BY A THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH 
OR FOR RESPONDING TO EMERGENCY 911 OR OTHER EMERGENCY REFERRAL CALLS.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE 
FOREGOING LIMITS OF LIABILITY, A PARTYS LIABILITY WILL NOT BE LIMITED WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS ARISING FROM 
(1) A PARTYS PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING EARLY TERMINATION CHARGES; (2) A PARTYS INDEMNIFICATION 
OBLIGATIONS. 
e.  CUSTOMER AGREES THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET OUT I N THIS SECTION ARE FAIR AND REASONABLE IN 
THE CIRCUMSTANCES OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT NITEL WOULD NOT HA VE ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT BUT 
FOR CUSTOMERS AGREEMENT TO LIMIT NITELS LIABILITY IN THE MANN ER AND TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED FOR IN 
THIS SECTION. 
15.  Force Majeure.  Neither party will be liable, nor will any remedy provided by t his Agreement be available, for any failure of Service 
due to causes beyond such partys reasonable control (Force Ma jeure).  Customer will not be obligated to pay NITEL for Servi ce not 
delivered as the resul t of Force Majeure.        
16.  Assignment.   Neither party may assign its rights and obligations, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written 
consent of the other party, no t to be unreasona bly withheld.  N otwithstanding the foregoing, either party, in connection with a merger, 
reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of the asse ts or equity of such party, may assign this Agreement in its en tirety to such 
partys successor without the other partys consent.  This Agre ement shall bind and inure to t he benefit of the parties, their  respective 
successors and permitted assigns.  
17.  Warranties.   NITEL MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR R EPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIE D, IN FACT OR BY 
OPERATION OF LAW, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, RESPECTING THE SERVIC E, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPO SE.     
18.  Confidentiality.   The terms of this Agreement and all knowledge and information o f a proprietary nature acquired in performing 
this Agreement are confidential.   Each party and its agents wil l keep such information confidential and not disclose such info rmation to 
third parties, other t han to its affiliates.   
19. Notices . Except as otherwise specifically  provided herein, any notices r equired or permitted to be given under this Agreement 
shall be given in writing and shall be delivered (a) in person;  (b) by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt request ed; (c) by a 
commercial overnight courier that guarantees next day delivery and provides a receipt; (d) by electronic mail to Customer at C ustomers 
designated technical and/or billing contact, or to NITEL at not ice@nitelusa.com.   Customer acknowledges and agrees that NITEL  may 
contact Customer via e-mail at the e-mail address provided to N ITEL when Customer ordered the Service for any reason relating to the 
Service, including for purposes o f providing Customer any notic es required under this Agreement.  Customer is responsible for 
providing NITEL with any change to its email address.  It is so lely Customers responsibility to notify NITEL of any changes t o 
Customers email address for su ch notice.  Notice provided by p ersonal delivery, certified mail, or commercial overnight couri er is to be 
delivered to the addresses listed for each party in the signatu re area of the Agreement, or to any such other address as eithe r party 
may from time to time specify in writing to the other party.  N otice shall be effective upon de livery (or refusal to accept de livery).  
 Proprietary and Confidential   20.  Miscellaneous.   This Agreement is binding on t he parties and their permitted successors and assigns, and together with any 
Service Orders and exhibits hereto (if any) constitutes the ent ire agreement between the parties.  As a material part of the c onsideration 
for entering into this Agreement, each party agrees not to cont est or assert any defense relating to the authority of any repr esentative or 
employee of such party to enter into this Agreement or any Serv ice Order issued pursuant to this Agreement.  This Agreement do es not 
create any agency, joint venture, or partnership between NITEL and Customer, each of which are i ndependent business entities.  No 
prior agreements, understandings, statements, proposals or repr esentations, either oral or writt en, respecting the subject mat ter hereof 
apply.  Except with regard to an agreed upon Service Order, thi s Agreement can be modified only in a writing signed by the par ties.  If 
any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal or unenfo rceable, this Agreements unaffected provisions will remain in effect.  If 
either party fails to enforce any right or remedy under this Ag reement, such failure will not waive the right or remedy.  This  Agreement 
will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws o f the State of Delaware, witho ut regard to its conflict of laws  provisions.  
The federal and state courts loc ated in Cook County, Illinois s hall be the only courts with jurisdiction to hear disputes unde r this 
Agreement, and Customer consents to the jurisdiction of these c ourts. This Agreement is not binding upon NITEL until signed by  an 
authorized NITEL repres entative.  This Agreem ent may be execute d in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an 
original, and all of which when taken together will constitute one and the same instrument. This  Agreement may be executed by digital 
signature, and any such digital signature shall be deemed to be  an original signature and s hall be binding on such party. 
NITEL INC.   
an Illinois corporation 
B y         
 N a m e         
 T i t l e         
Date ______________________________________ 
CONCENTRA HEALTH SERVICES, INC.  
a Nevada corporation 
B y         
 N a m e         
 T i t l e         
Date _______________________________________ 
06/01/18
SVP & CIO
James Talalai
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)