000 mipco
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
General Terms and Conditions
These General Terms and Conditions along with any Exhibits, Attachments and Service Orders and Addendums together constitute the Master Service
Agreement (Agreement) is made by and between Midcontinent Communications®, a South Dakota General Partnership (Midco®), with a principal
place of business at 3901 N Louise Ave Sioux Falls SD 57107, and NovaCare Rehab, with a principal place of business at 600 COUNTY ROAD 75 NW
CLEARWATER, MN on behalf of itself and its affiliates (Customer); each a Party and, collectively, the Parties.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO ALL SERVICES
Service. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein,
Tariffs on file in each state and Federal Communications
Commission (FCC), and the applicable usage policies as posted on
www.midcocomm.com, Midco agrees to provide to Customer the
service or services identified in the accepted Business Solutions
Service Order(s) (collectively, the Service). Except as required by
law, Service is for end-use only and may not be resold by Customer.
Customer is responsible for security and all usage of Service.
Service Order. Customer may purchase Services during the Term
of this Agreement by completing a Service Order. Customer shall
contact Midco to determine the availability of Service. As part of
the Service Order, Customer may be asked to identify the location
of Service, term of Service, type of Service requested, desired
installation date, and any other information reasonably requested by
Midco to determine the availability of Service. Upon receipt of
Customers properly completed Service Order, Midco will review
and respond to Customer within a commercially reasonable amount
of time of Midcos receipt of a Service Order and either accept such
proposed Service in writing or email, or respond to Customer
declining to provide the requested Service. By executing a Service
Order, Customer represents and warrants that Customer: (a) either
owns the Service Location or has received permission from the legal
owner and/or any other necessary party of the Service Location to
make any changes to the interior and/or exterior necessary to install
Midco Equipment (as defined in Section 17); (b) is legally
authorized to purchase and receive the Service and Midco
Equipment (if applicable) and fulfill its obligations under this
Agreement; and (c) affirms that the information Customer supplies
to Midco is correct, accurate and complete. Upon acceptance by
Midco, the executed Service Order shall be incorporated into and
subject to the terms of this Agreement. (For purposes of
clarification, throughout the remainder of this Agreement,
references to Service Order shall mean a Service Order that has been
accepted by Midco.)
Service Upgrade. At Customer's election and subject to Midcos
approval and acceptance thereof, the Parties may amend this
Agreement by executing a Service Order for additional quantities of
or functionality enhanced versions of Service. The Service Order
shall specifically reference, in addition to any other information
required to be set forth in a Service Order, the additional quantities
and/or functionality enhanced versions of Service desired by
Customer to be provided by Midco thereunder.
Engineering Review. Each Service Order submitted by Customer
shall be subject to an Engineering Review by Midco. Midco will
provide Customer written notification in the event Service
installation at any Service Location will require any additional fees.
Customer will have five (5) business days from receipt of such
notice to reject the new fees and terminate, without further liability,
the Service Order with respect to the affected Service Location.
MSA 0416
5.
Installation Schedule. Midco shall provide Customer with an
estimated availability date for each Service and Service Order.
Midco shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the
Service on or before the estimated availability date: provided,
however, that Midcos failure to provide the Service by said date
shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. Requests to expedite
the installation schedule and availability date will be reviewed and
accepted at Midcos discretion and may be subject to additional fees.
Expedite requests will also be subject to any and all fees billed to
Midco by other vendors in the support of the expedite request.
Midco shall use commercially reasonable efforts to fulfill the
expedite request, but does not warrant or represent that Service
expedites requests will actually expedite delivery of Service.
Customer shall be subject to any and all expedite fees regardless of
the outcome of the expedite request. Once the Parties have agreed
to a service availability date, Customer may request to change the
date; provided however, Customer will incur a fee of two hundred
fifty dollars ($250.00) if the request is made within five (5) business
days of the service availability date
Additional Service Location. The location(s) where Service is to
be initially provided will be identified in a Service Order (Service
Location). Additional locations may be added by submitting a
Service Order for the new Service Location. The new Service
Location will be subject to the terms of this Agreement upon
Midcos acceptance and approval of the Service Order.
Replacement Service. The installation and Customer's use of the
Service is location-specific to the Service Location indicated in this
Agreement and any Service Order. Customer may terminate Service
at an existing Service Location without incurring Termination Fees
provided that Customer orders and Midco accepts the order for a
Replacement Service. The Replacement Service (a) must have a
Term equal to or greater than the remaining Term of the existing
Service; and (b) must have monthly recurring charges equal to or
greater than the monthly recurring charg: for the existing Service.
In addition, Customer must (a) submit a ce Order to Midco for
the Replacement Service at least ninety (90) days prior to
terminating the existing Service; (b) reimburse Midco for any and
all installation charges that were waived with respect to the existing
Service; and (c) pay the actual costs incurred by Midco in installing
and provisioning the Replacement Service.
Service Commencement Date. Midco shall inform Customer
when Service is available and performing to the specifications in the
Service Order (Availability Notification). The term for Service
shall commence and charges for Service shall begin to accrue as of
the Service Commencement Date. The Service Commencement
Date shall be the earliest of: (a) the date on which Customer
confirms receipt of and concurrence with the Availability
Notification; (b) five (5) business days following the date of the
Availability Notification, if Customer fails to notify Midco that the
Service does not comply materially with the specifications set forth
in the Service Order; or (c) the date on which Customer first uses
the Service. The Service Commencement Date will not be delayed
Or_postponed duc to problems with Custon equipment. or
()
000 mipco
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
General Terms and Conditions
10.
Il.
Customers lack of readiness to accept or use Service. However, if
Customer has an account balance that is more than sixty (60) days
past due, Midco at its sole discretion may postpone Service
activation until payment is received. A single Service Order
containing multiple Service Locations or Services may have
multiple Service Commencement Dates.
Term. This Agreement shall be effective upon the signature of the
Parties and Midcos acceptance of this Agreement. This Master
Service Agreement shall remain in effect until the expiration or
termination of the Term (initial or any renewal) of the last Service
Order executed pursuant to this Agreement. The Term for Service
shall be specified in the Service Order and will commence upon the
Service Commencement Date. If multiple Service Orders are
executed for different Services at one Service Location, the Term
for Service will commence upon the Service Commencement and
shall remain in effect until the expiration of any Service at that
Service Location. The Term of Service at one Service Location does
not affect the Term of Service at any other Service Location.
Service Order Renewal. Upon the expiration of the Initial Term.
this Agreement will renew for two (2) successive one (1) year terms
at the rate charged for service(s) during the initial term. If a new
Agreement is not signed by the end of the second renewal term, the
Agreement will auto-renew for a third one (1) year term at the then
current Month to Month rate for like service(s).
Charges & Payments.
a. Customer shall pay the monthly recurring charges (MRC)
associated with Service as specified in the Service Order in
advance of the month in which Service is provided. Any
applicable surcharge. federal, state, local use. excise, franchise
fee, or sales tax or similar levy, chargeable to or against Midco
because of the Service provided to Customer, shall be charged
to and paid by Customer in addition to the Service charge and
other charges under this Agreement. Except as otherwise
indicated herein or in the applicable Service Order, the MRC
for Service will not increase during the Service Term
Provided, however, if Customer is receiving Service under a
promotion, after the promotional period ends, regular charges
for the Service will apply. In addition, charges may increase
with or without notice in those cases where a third party vendor
of resold services raises rates to Midco, or the change in price
is related to a change in governmental or quasi-governmental
taxes, fees, or assessments. Customer may also incur charges
for usage based services and from third party service prov iders
that are separate and apart from the amounts charged by Midco
for Service. These charges may be billed monthly in arrears.
Customer agrees that all such charges. including all applicable
taxes, are Customer's sole responsibility.
b. Customer is responsible for payment for all charges within
thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Any charges not paid within
such period will be considered past due. Customer's first
invoice will include all non-recurring charges (NRC) and the
MRC and may include prorated charges for use since the
Service Commencement Date. Midco does not waive its right
to collect the full amount due if Customers payment is late or
remits a partial payment; even if Customer's payment includes
the words Paid in Full or similar words on any
correspondence or check Midco will determine how to apply
any partial payment to the outstanding charges. Customer shall
MSA v0416
12.
13.
14,
be subject to a late fee of ten dollars ($10.00) for any bill not
paid within thirty (30) days of the invoice date and interest at
the rate of one-and-a-half percent (1.5%) per month will accrue
upon any unpaid amount commencing thirty (30) days after
invoice date. The minimum late fee charge per month is ten
dollars ($10.00), unless prescribed by law, in which event at
the highest rate allowed by law. If Midco utilizes a collection
agency or attorney to collect any amount ow ed by Customer or
any unreturned Midco Equipment, Customer agrees to pay all
reasonable costs of collection or other action. The remedies set
forth herein are in addition to and not in limitation of any other
rights and remedies available to Midco under the Agreement or
at law or in equity. Midco reserves the right to back-bill up to
and including the date service was initially available, to correct
any billing errors.
c. E-Rate. Customers applying for or receiving Schools and
Libraries or Rural Health Care subsidies, or funds from any
other subsidy or reimbursement program, remain responsible
for the entire account talance. Customer must timely submit all
information requested by and comply with all rules imposed by
the program sponsor: for example. USAC. Notwithstanding
Section 11b, Customer must pay its anticipated portion of any
invoice within sixty (60) days of the invoice date to avoid
incurring any late payment charges.
d. This provisioning of Service to Customer is predicated on
Customer's credit verification and approval by Midco.
Customer authorizes Midco to receive information about
Customers credit history from others and enter that into
Midcos records. Midco may, in its sole discretion, deny
Service to Customer. or, at its sole discretion, require a deposit
or some other form of security to ensure payment for Service
Disputed Charges. In the event Customer disputes any portion of
a Midco invoice, Customer shall pay the undisputed portion of the
invoice by the due date, and shall submit to Midco a written claim
for the disputed amount, which claim shall set forth with specificity
Customer's grounds for such dispute. All disputes must be raised
and claims submitted to Midco within sixty (60) days of the date of
the invoice such claims shall be deemed waived and invoices shall
be deemed correct. In the event the dispute is resolved against
Customer, Customer shall pay such amounts plus interest at the rate
referenced and calculated in accordance with Section 11b. If the
Parties are unable to resolve any dispute timely brought by
Customer, either Party may pursue legal or equitable remedies
available,
Credits. Any credits granted to Customer for any reason will be
applied towards the account balance. If the credit exceeds the
current account balance, the credit will be carried over to apply to
the next invoice(s) until the credit is fully applied. Under no
circumstances (except for end of service credits) will Midco issue a
check to Customer for payment on any type of credit
Termination; Termination Fee. If Customer cancels any Service
(other than as a result of Midcos default under Section 15) or if
Midco terminates any Service pursuant to this Section, Section 15
or Section 25, then Customer shall pay Mideo a Termination Fee in
the amount of the service charges payable during the remainder of
the term plus construction and other actual expenses incurred by
Mideo to enable the delivery of Service, any installation charges
waived, and any discounts or credits issued under this Agreement
of 7)
000 mipco:
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
General Terms and Conditions
If Customer is subject to early termination fees and has multiple
Service Locations. the early termination fee is applicable only to the
Service Location(s) discontinuing Service(s). Either Party may
cancel this Agreement without liability if Midco is prohibited from
furnishing Service, or if any material rate or term contained herein
is substantially changed by final order of a court, administrative
agency, or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction. Customer is
responsible for all fees that Midco incurs from third party vendors
as a part of the termination of Service. The Parties agree that the
Termination Fee is not a penalty, but rather the Parties best estimate
of the actual losses to be incurred by Midco as a result of such early
termination. A WAIVER BY MIDCO OF ANY PART OF AN
EARLY TERMINATION FEE SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED
AS A WAIVER OF ANY OTHER TERMINATION FEE
ASSESSED AT A LATER DATE.
15. Suspension or Termination.
a. Midco may immediately suspend or terminate Service if: (i)
Customer fails to pay all delinquent charges within seven (7)
days after written notice thereof is given by Midco, or (ii)
Customer fails to pay any sum due to Midco for more than
thirty (30) days, or (iii) Customer fails, within thirty (30) days
after written notice, to comply with this Agreement or any
applicable tariff, or (iv) a violation of any regulation, rule or
law of any governmental authority has occurred or is occurring,
or (v) Midco suspects fraudulent usage. or (vi) Customer is in
default under any other agreement with or obligation to Midco
and has not cured such default within any applicable cure
period. If Customers service is suspended for nonpayment and
Customer brings the account charges current within thirty (30)
days of suspension, Customer's payment will be considered as
a reaffirmation of any active Service Orders. Customer may
terminate Service if Midco fails, within thirty (30) days after
written notice is received by Midco, to comply with any
material provision of this Agreement. In addition, either Party
may terminate Service or this Agreement if the other Party (a)
files a voluntary petition for bankruptcy. (b) an involuntary
petition for bankruptcy is filed against it and not dismissed
within sixty (60) days, or (c) makes an assignment for the
benefit of creditors.
b. _ Either party may terminate this Agreement if there is a material
breach by the other party, which breach continues despite
written notice and fifteen (15) days opportunity to cure such
default. In the case of a default by Customer related to the
improper or unlawful use of Midco Hardware, Midco Software,
or the Customer Equipment, Client shall have not less than two
(2) hours to cure the default after written notice from Midco,
unless otherwise required by law.
c. Midco reserves the right to delete Customer's voicemail, call
detail, data, email, files or any other information of Customer
on the Midco servers or systems thirty (30) days after Customer
no longer receives Service from Midco.
d. The rights and remedies granted to a nondefaulting party
pursuant to this Section 15 shall be in addition to all other rights
and remedies such nondefaulting party may have at law or in
equity. Failure or delay by a party in exercising a right or
remedy shall not preclude the later exercise thereof. The
defaulting party shall be responsible for the reasonable legal
fees and expenses incurred by the nondefaulting party in
exercising its rights and remedies.
16.
17.
Customer Equipment. Midco Technical Support is not responsible
for end-user support of issues not directly related to Service. This
includes, but is not limited to, Customer operating systems,
Customer provided equipment or Customer application support.
Equipment and services on Customers side of the Demarcation
Point are the responsibility of Customer. Midco shall not be
responsible for the operation, support or maintenance of any
Customer provided equipment, nor shall Midco have any liability
whatsoever for the configuration, management, or performance of
Customer provided equipment. All Customer provided equipment
and wiring that Customer used in connection with the Service must
be fully compatible with the Service. If changes in technology occur
that make Service obsolete without Customer upgrading its
equipment and/or wiring. and Customer is unable for any reason to
upgrade, Midco has the right, but not the obligation, to terminate
this Agreement and/or any affected Service Order upon sixty (60)
days notice.
Midco Equipment. Midco Equipment is defined as any equipment
that is owned by Midco or by a third party which has been
provisioned by Midco to Customer. This equipment includes all
transmission equipment, wiring and lines installed by Midco (or its
contractor) and located on the Property of Customer. Midco
Equipment shall not become a fixture of the property or part of the
premises. Customer shal! not, and shall not permit others, without
the prior written consent of Midco, to (a) rearrange, disconnect,
remove, attempt to repair, or otherwise tamper with any Midco
Equipment. (b) use any Midco Equipment for any purpose other
than that for which Midco provides them, or (c) take any action that
causes the imposition of any lien or encumbrance on the Midco
Equipment. In no event shall Midco be liable to Customer or any
other person for interruption of Service or any other loss, cost or
damage caused by or related to improper use or maintenance of the
Midco Equipment by Customer or third parties provided access to
the Midco Equipment by Customer in violation of this Section.
Customer shall be responsible for any damage to Midco Equipment
to the extent arising from the improper use or maintenance thereof
by Customer or third parties provided access to Midco Equipment
by Customer. Customer agrees to allow Midco to remove the Midco
Equipment from Customer's premises after termination, expiration
or cancellation of the Service in connection with which the Midco
Equipment was used, and for maintenance, repair, replacement or
otherwise as Midco may determine is necessary or desirable from
time to time. If Customer fails to permit such retrieval or if the
retrieved Midco Equipment has been damaged and/or destroyed
other than by Midco or its agents, normal wear and tear excepted,
Midco may invoice Customer for the replenishment cost of the
relevant Midco Equipment, or in the event of minor damage to the
retrieved Midco Equipment, the cost of repair, which amounts shall
be immediately due and payable. Midco retains the right to remove
the Midco Equipment for a period of three (3) months following
Midcos discontinuance of Service to the Service Location.
Facilities. Customer shall allow Midco access to the Service
Location to the extent reasonably necessary for the Service.
Customer shall provide and maintain facilities at the Service
Location suitable for the provisioning of the Service. Proper
facilities shall include, but may not be limited to, adequate space,
sufficient electrical power and proper operating environment,
including heating, cooling, and air quality, for the necessary
equipment. Customer will ensure Midco has the right and, with
MSA OA16 >
{Page Sot 7)
000 mipco
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
General Terms and Conditions
19.
20.
21.
reasonable notice, ability to access the facility space, building
conduits and wiring for installation, inspection. maintenance.
operation and removal of all Midco Equipment related to the
Service. Customer shall also ensure the Service Location is secure
and safe from hazards to the facilities. Midco Equipment and to
Mideos employees. agents and contractors. Midco shall be
responsible for any damage to the Service Location to the extent
arising from the improper use of the facilities by Midco or third
party agents or contractors acting on Midcos behalf during such
installation. inspection or maintenance activities.
Access. Customer will take the steps necessary to ensure Midco. its
agents and assigns. have the right to access the Service Location
property during the term of this Agreement to install, operate. repair
and replace such cable. conduit and equipment as may be necessary
to provide Service. The installed cable, conduit and equipment will
remain the property of Midco and use by Midco will not be
interfered with. Midco will exercise due care in the performance of
its activities on the property and will repair all damage to the
property caused by the activities. Customer is responsible for
locating and clearly marking all private utilities on the property.
Midco is not liable for any damages or fees incurred as a result of
striking private utilities that were not conspicuously and accurately
marked.
Disruption of Service. Midco does not warrant that the Service or
Midco Equipment will be uninterrupted, error-free. or free of
latency or delay, or that the Service or Midco Equipment will meet
Customer's requirements. The Service is not fail-safe and is not
designed or intended for use in situations requiring fail-safe
performance or in which an error or interruption in the Service could
lead to severe injury to business, persons, property or environment
("High Risk Activities"), These High Risk Activities may include,
without limitation, vital business or personal communications, or
activities where absolutely accurate data or information is required.
Midco may. in its own discretion, temporarily suspend Services for
the purpose of repair, maintenance or improvement of any of Midco
Hardware, Software or Customer Equipment (if applicable). Midco
shall provide prior notice where it is reasonably practical under the
circumstances, and Midco shall restore service as soon as it is
reasonably practical.
Limit of Liability.
a. Midco shall not be liable for and credit shal not be given for
any failure or interruption of Service caused by acts of God,
strikes, emergencies, mechanical failure, cable cut, regulatory
or other governmental action, action or inactions by Customer,
its employees, agents, invitees, a breach of this Agreement by
Customer or any other cause beyond Midcos control.
b. INNOEVENT SHALL MIDCO BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. MIDCO HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPLICIT OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. LIABILITY OF MIDCO UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL
AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID TO MIDCO BY CUSTOMER
FOR SERVICES HEREUNDER AT A SPECIFIC
LOCATION DURING THE PRECEDING TWELVE (12)
MONTHS
c. IN NO EVENT SHALL MIDCO, OR ITS ASSOCIATED
PARTIES, SUPPLIERS, CONTRACTORS OR LICENSORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR CLAIM
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO: (i) STORED.
TRANSMITTED. OR RECORDED DATA, FILES. OR
SOFTWARE: (ii) ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF
CUSTOMER, ITS USERS OR THIRD PARTIES: (iii)
INTEROPERABILITY. INTERACTION OR
INTERCONNECTION OF THE SERVICE WITH
APPLICATIONS, EQUIPMENT. SERVICES OR
NETWORKS PROVIDED BY CUSTOMER OR THIRD
PARTIES: OR (iv) LOSS OR DESTRUCTION OF ANY
CUSTOMER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, FILES. OR
DATA RESULTING FROM ANY VIRUS OR OTHER
HARMFUL FEATURE OR FROM AN ATTEMPT TO
REMOVE IT.
22. Indemnification.
a
Customer agrees, at its own expense, to indemnify, defend and
hold harmless Midco and its directors. employees.
representatives, officers and agents, (the Midco Indemnified
Parties) against any and all third party claims, liabilities.
lawsuits, damages, losses. judgments, costs. fees and expenses,
including but not limited to. reasonable attorneys fees and
court costs, (collectively, Claims) incurred by and/or brought
against Midco Indemnified Parties. to the full extent that such
Claims arise from: (i) Customers noncompliance with the
terms of this Agreement and/or any or all Service Orders; (it)
Customer's or their users failure to comply with applicable
laws or violation or infringement upon the rights of any other
party, including, without limitation, contractual rights,
intellectual property rights, publicity and privacy rights and the
rights against libel, defamation and slander; (iti) Customer's
use or misuse of the Service. including claims resulting from
use/misuse of the Service by Customer's users and/or the
content of any communications transmitted via the Service: (iv)
Customers willful misconduct; and/or (v) physical damage to
personal or real property or bodily injury. including death.
caused by the negligent or willful misconduct of Customer or
Customers users, its employees or contractors, at the Service
Location during the installation or maintenance of equipment
in connection with Service. Customer shall have full authority
to settle any such Claims: provided, however, that it may not
enter into any settlement without Midcos advance written
consent in which a full and final release of such Claim in favor
of Midco Indemnified Parties is not obtained as a result of the
settlement, or any admission or affirmative obligation is
required or placed upon Midco Indemnified Parties.
Midco agrees, at its own expense, to indemnify, defend and
hold harmless Customer, its directors, officers, employees,
agents and/or representatives (Customer Indemnified
Parties) from and against any and all third party Claims
incurred by and/or brought against Customer Indemnified
Parties to the full extent that such Claims arise from: (i)
physical damage to personal or real property or bodily injury,
including death, caused by the negligent or willful misconduct
of Midco, its employees or contractors, at the Service Location
as a direct result from Midcos installation, removal or
maintenance at the Service Location of the Midco Equipment;
and/or (ii) Midcos failure to comply with applicable laws;
and/or (iii) Midcos willful misconduct. Midco shall have full
authority to settle any such Claims; provided, however, that it
MSA_vO416
()
000 mipco
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
23.
24.
25.
26.
General Terms and Conditions
may not enter into any settlement without Customer's advance
written consent in which a full and final release of such Claim
in favor of Customer Indemnified Parties is not obtained as a
result of the settlement, or any admission or affirmative
obligation is required or placed upon Customer Indemnified
Parties.
Content. Midco does not operate or control the content transported
over the Service. Midco shall have no liability or responsibility for
Customer created content or any communication transmitted via the
Service hereunder. Customer shall defend, indemnify and hold
harmless Midco from any and all third party claims (including
claims by governmental entities seeking to impose penal sanctions)
related to such content, and from any and all third party claims
relating to Customer's use of Service hereunder. Customer shall
make no claim against Midco regarding said content, or respecting
any information, product, service, software or other item(s) ordered
through or provided by virtue of the Service.
Public Performance of Copyrighted Works. Midco has no
authority to grant any license for the public performance of
copyrighted works. If Customer intends to play publicly any audio
or visual content provided via the Service, Customer is advised that
additional fees may be owed to copyright holders or public
performance licensing organization such as ASCAP, SEASAC, or
BML in certain situations.
Legal Application. This Agreement will be governed by the laws
of the state of South Dakota and any claims hereunder shall be
brought in the state or federal courts located in Minnehaha County,
South Dakota. No term or provision of this Agreement shall be
deemed waived and no breach excused unless such waiver or
consent is in writing and signed by the Party claimed to have waived
or consented. This document, Exhibits, Attachments, Service
Orders, and Midcos Acceptable Use Policy (as presented on
www.midco.com) represent the entire Agreement between the
Parties and supersedes all prior conversations, representations,
promises, and warranties (expressed or implied) made prior to or at
the time of the signing of this document. This Agreement may be
amended only in writing signed by an authorized representative of
each Party. If any action at law or equity is necessary to enforce the
terms of this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to
reasonable attorneys fees, costs, and expenses, in addition to any
other relief to which it may be entitled. Each of Midcos rights and
remedies under this Agreement shall be cumulative and additional
to any other or further rights or remedies provided in law or equity
or otherwise
Assignment. This Agreement is binding upon the heirs, devisees,
successors, and assigns of each Party. Provided, however, Customer
shall not assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this
Agreement without prior written consent of Midco, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, and further provided that any
assignment or transfer without such consent shall entitle Midco to
terminate the Service at its option upon ten (10) days prior written
notice. In the event Customer changes ownership, if the remaining
term of this Agreement is not assumed by the new owner, or ifa new
Agreement is not signed with Midco for like services by the new
owner, Customer will be held accountable for any applicable
Termination Fees as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement. Midco
may assign this Agreement without consent to any affiliated entity
27.
28.
29.
or to any successor in interest whether by merger, reorganization or
transfer of all or substantially all of its assets or otherwise.
Confidential Information. Confidential Information includes
but is not limited to any and all business. technical, or third party
information (including but not limited to rate information, discounts,
network information, trade secrets, marketing plans, financial data,
specifications, drawings, and documentation) provided, disclosed,
or made available to one party (the Disclosing Party) to the other
(the Receiving Party) under this Agreement that is either
identified as, or reasonably understood to be, confidential or
proprietary. The Receiving Party will: (a) not use Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose other than the
fulfillment of its obligations under this Agreement; and (b) protect
and treat all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party with
the same degree of care as it uses to protect its own Confidential
Information of like importance, but in no event with less than
reasonable care. In the event the Receiving Party is required to
disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party pursuant
to law, the Receiving Party will notify the Disclosing Party of the
required disclosure, if permitted, with sufficient time for the
Disclosing Party to seek relief, will cooperate with the Disclosing
Party in taking appropriate protective measures, and will make any
such disclosure in a fashion that maximizes protection of the
Confidential Information from further disclosure. Confidential
Information also includes the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Confidential Information does not include information
that the Receiving Party can clearly establish by written evidence:
(a) is or becomes known to the Receiving Party from a third party
without an obligation to maintain its confidentiality; or (b) is or
becomes generally known to the public through no act or omission
of the Receiving Party; or (c) is independently developed by the
Receiving Party without the use of Confidential Information of the
Disclosing Party.
No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding
upon, enforceable by, and inure solely to the benefit of each Panty
hereto as well as their successors and assigns. Nothing in this
Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon
any third party any right, benefit, or remedy of any nature under or
by reason of this Agreement.
Notice. Any notice required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be (a) in writing, (b) effective upon the earlier of receipt or five
(5) days after deposit with the respective courier or United States
Postal Service, and (c) delivered by one of the following means: (i)
by prepaid, nationally recognized. overnight package delivery or
courier service; or (ii) by the United States Postal Service, first class,
certified mail, return receipt requested. postage prepaid. In addition
to actual receipt by a Party, the following shall constitute receipt: (a)
a Party's rejection or other refusal to accept notice, and (b) the
inability to deliver notice to a Party because of a changed address of
which no notice has been provided in accordance with this Section
and received by the other Party. All notices given under the
Agreement shall be addressed to the following addresses of the
Parties: with respect to Customer, to the address set forth in a
Service Order. or with respect to Midco, to: Midco, Attn: Vice
President of Business Solutions, 390! North Louise Avenue, Sioux
Falls, SD 57107. Each Party may change its respective address(es)
for legal notice by providing notice to the other Party.
MSA_v0416
(Page § of 7)
000 mipco
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
General Terms and Conditions
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35,
36.
Authority. Each signatory to this Agreement does hereby represent
and warrant that he/she has the authority to execute this Agreement
on behalf of the Party to this Agreement for whom he/she is
executing this Agreement.
Customer Representatives. Following the — Service
Commencement Date, someone seeking support of, or desiring to
make non-material changes to Service on behalf of Customer will
be qualified by Midco. If the individual can meet cursory
qualification criteria, or if the person Is listed as an authorized user
or authorized vendor on the Service Order, Midco may assume the
individual is an authorized user on the account and will follow that
individuals direction. Alternately, Customer may provide to Midco
a list of authorized users. Customer will be responsible for the
maintenance of this list. Someone desiring to make a material
change to Service must be noted on Customers account as an
authorized user. Midco will not be held liable for following the
direction of qualified or authorized users.
Electronic Signature. This Agreement may be executed by the
Parties by electronic signature. The Parties agree that an electronic
signature is the legal equivalent of a manual printed signature on the
Agreement; thus, an electronic signature is also a valid consent to
be legally bound by this Agreement's terms and conditions. The
Parties also agree that no certification authority or other third party
verification is necessary to validate an electronic signature and that
the lack of such certification or third party verification will not in
any way affect the enforceability of an electronic signature or any
resulting Agreement between the parties.
Survival. The provisions of Sections 11, 12. 14, 15, 17, 21, 22, 25
and 27, together with any provisions of this Agreement that by their
nature are meant to survive, shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.
Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held or determined
by a court (or other legal authority) of competent jurisdiction to be
illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be deemed
separate, distinct and independent, and shall be ineffective only to
the extent of such holding or determination without (a) invalidating
the remaining provisions of the Agreement in that jurisdiction or (b)
affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision in
any other jurisdiction
Relationship of Parties. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed as creating a joint venture or partnership between the
Parties hereto. Neither Party has or shall have any authority to bind,
assume any obligation for or incur any debt on behalf of the other
Party in any respect whatsoever.
General Terms. Customer's use of Midcos Services is specifically
subject to this Agreement, and Customer's agreement to: (a) the
legal notices found at www.midco.com/legal (the Legal Notices),
which may be modified by Midco from time to time in accordance
with the Legal Notices and applicable law, and which are
incorporated herein by reference and made part of this Agreement;
and (b) applicable Midco tariffs on file with the appropriate
regulatory body.
MSA vO416
37. Order of Precedence. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency
between any Service Order and the remaining terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the following is the order of precedence: 1) the
applicable Service Order: 2) the Agreement General Terms and
Conditions; and 3) any applicable and executed Exhibits or
Attachments. To the extent that this Agreement is inconsistent with
the terms of Midcos tariffs, the terms of the tariffs shall prevail.
()
000 mipco
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
General Terms and Conditions
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly respective authorized representatives
as of the Effective Date.
: USTOMER aaa SIGNATURE
Kristina Jumper
NAME (PLEASE PRINT)
Vice President
TITLE
DATE :
MIDCO AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE
Seth Bjordal
NAME (PLEASE PRINT)
Business Inbound Sales
TITLE
DATE
Midco is an Equal Opportunity Employer/ Disabled Veterans
© Midcontinent Communications. All rights reserved, ~ Confidential
Midco Internal Use: MSA # 201905-340
MSA_ v0416,